"0 She's young, single and about to achieve her dream of creating incredible videogames. But then life throws her a one-two punch: a popular streamer gives her first game a scathing review. Even worse she finds out that same troublesome critic is now her new neighbor! A funny, sexy and all-too-real story about gaming, memes and social anxiety. Come for the plot, stay for the doggo."
"1 After binge-watching beauty videos online, a shy comic book fan masters the art of makeup and sees her social standing skyrocket as she becomes her school's prettiest pretty girl overnight. But will her elite status be short-lived? How long can she keep her real self a secret? And what about that cute boy who knows her secret?"
"2 After making a grisly discovery in the countryside, a small town book editor's life gets entangled with a young Mafia lord and his intimidating bodyguard...even as every step she takes draws her deeper into the dangerous underworld of the city."
"3 She's a hopeless romantic who's turning 30's  and is not super happy about it. He's a reclusive billionaire who's hired her to be his assistant , and he's not too happy about that either. Together they rewrite the rules of friendship, love, work and the BEST way to clean someone's apartment."
"4 When vampires destroy her chance to have the normal life she's always wanted, Hayan is forced to draw on her darkest secret to rid the world of the merciless hunters that took it over 10 years ago. With the support of a rising star in the local police force, Hayan steps up to protect her loved ones, face her past, and get her revenge."
"5 A runaway werewolf, Lumine, meets a witch boy named Kody and is being hired to work as his bodyguard. Lumine, being determined to befriend Kody, tries everything to get Kody to trust him, while Kody tries to keep Lumine away from him. Their life gets even more complicated after an unfortunate event that leaves them to try to survive on their own."
"6 The year is 1989, and Jackson is starting his senior year at a brand new school. Even though he's back in his hometown with his new family, he can't seem to shake this ominous and uneasy feeling invading his mind. It's not until he meets the popular kid, Exer, that reality starts to feel more like the work of his imagination."
"7 At the age of eight, Ijin Yu lost his parents in a plane crash and became stranded in a foreign land, forced to become a child mercenary in order to stay alive. He returns home ten years later to be reunited with his family in Korea, where food and shelter are plenty and everything seems peaceful. But Ijin will soon learn that life as a teenager is a whole other feat of survival. With only one year of high school left, Ijin must master new tactics to maneuver his way around the schoolhouse battleground. Can he survive a year of high school? Or rather, will the school be able to survive him?"
"8 A ditsy university student Mew finds a lost student card. Instead of doing the sensible thing, Mew decides to let fate take the wheel and try something silly. Little did she know, she would be confronting the owner of the card, Daze who has some things to say about what she did. Did Mew make the biggest mistake of her life? or the best decision of her life? Follow these two adorable goofballs to find out!"
"9 Dogged by pain and misfortune from the very beginning, Shin-Ae decides she wants nothing to do with people nor anything to do with romance. Although content with her unsocial, boring, loveless existence, her lifestyle is challenged after she ruins an unsuspecting strangers' clothes."
"10 After years of being told to focus on studying, Yeseul feels lost when she starts college and is suddenly expected to pay attention to makeup. When a chance encounter with brilliant makeup artist Yuseong leads to her taking part in a televised makeup competition, Yeseul begins to question the role that makeup and appearance play in society."
"11 With his rainbow-colored hair and love of all things fashion, Arcus is anything BUT your average teenager. He's an upbeat independent thinker, proud fashionista, and like the rest of us, is just looking for a few friends to call his own. 
 Acception may be Arcus' story , but it's all OUR stories too - and it is for anyone who's ever struggled to fit in, find love, or thought that High School was pretty much the worst thing ever invented."
"12 Though she comes from a rich family, Gabin is a bullied loner at school. That doesn't mean she puts up with bullying from other students, though -- Gabin is infamous for her fierce personality. Worried about Gabin's well-being, her family secretly offers Tae-ung $500,000 to transfer schools and act as her bodyguard. Will Tae-ung be able to protect her from the school bullies, all while keeping his identity hidden from Gabin and the other students?"
"13 When a swarm of giant bugs threatens to wipe out humanity, the world's only defense is a group of humans with special abilities called Butterflies. For Maehwa Baek, Butterflies are just heroic people he sees on TV until a tragic event brings him to the scientists that created them. Soon, Maehwa must confront questions about himself that he has long avoided: why does he lose control at the sight of his own blood? And what happened during the 13 years of his life that he can't remember?"
"14 Tensions are brewing under the seemingly calm surface of the Vasilios Empire, a kingdom ruled by the Imperial Family and the Temple. Lady Medea Solon has lost her place next to Crown Prince Eros, but resolves to do whatever it will take to win back what's rightfully hers. Will she reclaim her throne?"
"15 Having mastered the art of lying her way through life, Yeonhee Bae has vowed to leave her past behind and make a fresh start for herself by going to college at 24. But when she runs into someone who knows a secret from her past that could completely ruin her reputation, her hopes for a perfect life suddenly start to crumble. Amidst college gossip, crushes, and jealousy, can the two set aside their differences and embrace each other for who they really are?"
"16 Yesul Hong has a secret -- when she kisses someone, she can see flashes of their future. It's hard to believe she's ever met the right guy when she can't even see herself in their destiny. She doesn't get much use out of her ability until one day, when she accidentally kisses her evil boss, Minhu Cha, who's got a secret of his own. To her utter shock, she sees a vision of herself… in bed with him! As if that's not confusing enough, she shows up to work the next day to find out that her first love has been hired to work in her department. Will she be able to survive working with the man she wished had been her destiny and the man she's destined to be with?"
"17 Once the bullies target you, it's game over. The school is run by tyrants whose favorite hobby is tormenting the weakest kids in class. But then Gray arrived. This mysterious new student threatens to dismantle the established order. He may be small in stature, but his calculative and brutal fighting leaves unsuspecting opponents lying on the floor begging for mercy. Now the school's toughest bullies have to scramble to take down this new and unusual hero."
"18 While running for his life in the woods, bullying victim Gyuhwan stumbles upon a shotgun and just enough shells for his classmates. It's a recipe for disaster. But fate takes an unexpected turn when he returns to find his classmates under attack by brain-eating creatures. Now, the only thing that stands in the way of their ravenous feast is a boy with a shotgun."
"19 You'd think that being able to see the Red String of Fate would make finding your soulmate a lot easier. But for Avery, the blossoming romance​ around her only emphasizes her own string... with no one attached to the other end. Is Avery destined to live a loveless life, or can she tailor her own romance?"
"20 On the full moon of her 21st year, the young witch, Camille Severin, is expected to perform the traditional ritual to summon forth a winged demon for her families success and prosperity. But when the ritual goes wrong, it reveals the terrifying truths about herself and the secrets that threaten to tear her family apart."
"21 Hwajin Na's teaching techniques are pretty violent for someone who works in the Ministry of Education. That being said, when punishments don't seem to work on even the worst of school bullies, there is no better man for the job. Sometimes you can't get a good education until those bullies are taught a lesson."
"22 Daniel is an unattractive loner who wakes up in a different body. Now tall, handsome, and cooler than ever in his new form, Daniel aims to achieve everything he couldn't before. How far will he go to keep his body... and his secrets?"
"23 Estelle meets her untimely death as a valiant knight of the Kingdom of Ersha. But death is not the end for Estelle -- three years after her demise, she finds herself reincarnated in the body of Lucifela Aydin, the spoiled and cold-hearted daughter of a count in the Empire of Jansgar. To her dismay, she finds that her country fell to Jansgar years ago, and that she is now betrothed to Zedekiah Heint, the son of a duke and her adversary in her previous life. Can Estelle discover the truth behind her death while attempting to navigate her new life as Lucifela?"
"24 Her ability to detect lies has made her an outstanding officer of the law , despite being haunted by her inability to save the ones she loved from a gruesome fate many years ago. Now, she uses her powerful gift to defend the defenseless at any cost , even if it means teaming up with a deadly assassin to fight evil in a world gone mad."
"25 After a successful winter break makeover, Nari is finally ready for her high school debut. But somehow, she ends up friends with the three prettiest girls in school! Follow Nari as she tries to navigate her brand new high school life surrounded by beauties."
"26 Adiel is a shy boy with a special gift. He can see the afterlife! For as much as he tries to ignore his abilities, his world will be turned upside down when he meets Death, a lonely deity that yearns for human company. When a new threat endangers the wellbeing of his world, they must work together to save themselves from an infernal catastrophe. Will Adiel be able to return to a normal life? Or is there something else that awaits him?"
"27 There's nothing that Yohan Do doesn't know about his crush, Dajeong. Where she sits in class, works after school... and even where she lives. But unable to approach her, he watches her every move from afar and will do anything to protect her. Anything."
"28 Hanju is your ordinary university student… except for the fact that she's also the up-and-coming Metube cover artist, PLII. When popular boy group member Levi takes notice of PLII and requests to collaborate, Hanju will do anything to hide her secret identity. But as the two grow closer working on a class project, Hanju's cover begins to unravel. Will Levi discover her secret?"
"29 Oh, to be young and in love. Oh, to be wild and carefree. The springtime of life is intense, tumultuous, and at times, oh so confusing. Spring, summer, fall and winter -- love blossoms in all seasons."
"30 Number one on the pop charts and in the hearts of fans world-wide, Sophie Lim is at the top of her game -- until she takes a tumble from the top of the stairs. Now she's dead, and it turns out it's harder to build a career from six feet under. But lucky for her, the Grim Reaper's her number one fan!"
"31 A stranger to love, Kano's only romantic experience lies in novels. Her love of books has driven her to pursue a career in editing. When she's assigned to work with playboy best-selling author Kagaya, she becomes determined to succeed despite their ever-complicating relationship!"
"32 Lisa Cheon used to be the nation's favorite on-screen idol, but swiftly falls from grace after being framed as a drug addict. She is offered the opportunity to turn it all around by starring on a new TV show, but it won't be easy: her character's love interest is her ex-boyfriend, and she's too nervous to act without alcohol. Can Lisa regain what she has lost and face the demons of her past?"
"33 Scrawny high school student Hobin Yoo is probably the last guy you'd expect to star in a NewTube channel that revolves around fighting. But after following some advice from a mysterious NewTube channel, Hobin is soon knocking out guys stronger than him and raking in more money than he could have ever dreamed of. Can Hobin keep this up, or will he eventually meet his match?"
"34 Jaerim Lee, a student in film studies major, needed a way to quiet down the rumors that he's into guys. Gaeun Cha, a student in screenwriting major, needed to get away from the dorky senior who was always hitting on her. The two of them begin a contractual relationship to solve their problems, but as they get to know each other, Gaeun starts to fall for Jaerim's charm little by little..."
"35 28-year-old Gyuri Gam wakes up one morning after a night of heavy drinking. She suddenly recalls that someone at work asked her out, but can't remember who it was! Gyuri narrows it down to three possibilities: Seunghu, her hot co-worker who is nice to her; Myeongseok, her talented but cranky boss who she's sure hates her; and Leo, a popular actor who anybody would kill to date. At first, Gyuri thinks the identity of her secret admirer is obvious... but is it?"
"36 The up-and-coming K-pop group Mayhem is steadily climbing the charts, but fame doesn't come for free. Bad Boy front man of the group Wyld knows this all too well. Forced to take on a controversial persona behind his fellow members' backs to help keep the momentum going, can Wyld keep sight of himself beneath all the lies and scandals? Or will he become his own false persona?"
"37 ""Mom, I'm sorry. Please don't die."" When Henry realizes death is at his mother's doorstep, he strikes a deal with a lifespan dealer to give years of his own life to his ailing mother. Now, his mother is a 20-year-old college student with a full life ahead of her, and Henry devotes his remaining days to helping her live life to the fullest. But things turn complicated when his friend falls in love with her!"
"38 1842. Thaddeus murdered Estelle's brother, but only Estelle knows. When he convinces her family that they should be wed, Estelle goes through with the wedding only to steal Thaddeus' coveted map of the Oregon Trail, his horse-drawn carriage, and his stable boy. She then embarks on a nation-wide adventure with a growing band of criminals. Their destination? The West--where she can be free of the oppressive aristocracy she left behind. The only problem is that Thaddeus will do everything in his power to bring her back."
"39 What if an unexpected accident suddenly transported you back to ten years ago? For Hayoung, suddenly traveling back in time to high school means the opportunity to save the life of Jaehyun, the one person she's always loved... Will she be able to change both of their fates?"
"40 When Jiu Seo moves out of her childhood friend's mansion and into a small one-bedroom apartment, she thinks her world is ending -- that is, until she meets Hajun and Hayul, the neglected children who live downstairs. When a scouting offer comes in for Hajun to join an idol survival program, Jiu encourages him to audition, completely unaware of how it will change the trajectory of her and everyone else's lives forever."
"41 As a rabbit who lost her baby to a tiger, Myoryeong is infuriated by the cruel ways of the jungle. She delves into spiritual training to become divine and create an ideal world, but her resolve weakens with time. Just when she's settled for the status quo, the god she serves sends her down to earth with an impossible quest: finding the ""udumbara,"" a mythical flower that will save the human world. Her partner is none other than Hanho, the very tiger responsible for her baby's death! Will the two enemies set aside their past conflict and rescue humanity?"
"42 Gentle in demeanor yet fiercely independent and competent, Songa is a top assistant brand manager at Klar Cosmetics who gets things done with a smile. Thriving in life, she is suddenly caught off guard by her charming junior colleague's enigmatic warning, ""Don't put on that lipstick."" Then an unexpected revelation changes everything."
"43 No one would have ever guessed that nerdy-looking Seongbin Cha is actually Neon Mask, the internet hero popular for punishing violent, bullying teens on ViewTube. He won't rest until he eradicates every last delinquent in the country. Can he stomp them all out with the help of his bodyguards, or will they come back stronger than ever?"
"44 Erkin, a young pharmacist from the north, was orphaned from the war between the Northern Nations and Mormeratta. After making a name for himself in Mormeratta, he is summoned to treat a mysterious ""master of the castle"" whom no one has ever seen. He reluctantly agrees, hoping it will bring him one step closer to finding the infamous Witch of the Sun who killed his parents during the war. Little does he know, on his quest for vengeance, the witch may have been by his side all along. What will Erkin do when confronted by his sworn enemy turned friend?"
"45 The Roost - the world's most prestigious military academy - has never accepted a Crow into its ranks. Until now. However, the conditions surrounding Scra's acceptance are shrouded in conspiracy, and his new roommate Ky won't rest until he finds out just where he goes every night. Between flight tests, classes, and Murders, Scra, Ky and Ree must band together to uncover the truth about their utopia and the whispers of a superweapon - ""The Croaking"" - that are seeping from the cracks."
"46 There's nothing worse than having the guy you've secretly crushed on for ten years say you're like his mom. When Natsume Mishima is given a chance to be in a fake relationship with Chikage, the hottest guy in her class to make her crush Yuuki jealous, she takes it -- even though she hates lying. Will this web of lies get her the guy she wants?"
"47 Secluded deep within the forest, Wen has never experienced life outside her cottage home. Alongside her over-protective grandmother, they both live under a protective seal that had kept them unseen from the rest of the world. Every day she is told to remain safe and to never go beyond the woods past the stone markers. However, curiosity takes hold of her as she longs to experience the vast outside world for herself. But little did she know the real mystery and danger that lies behind her doorstep."
"48 For work purposes, Noemi's family settled in the estate of one of the wealthiest families in the country. There she meets Blade, the hot-headed prince, and Soren, the illegitimate son. Enjoying simple days of innocence and love, Noemi's happy life quickly shatters into complete darkness. After tragedy, jealousy and betrayal, what will be waiting for Blade, Soren, and Noemi at the end of the road? Will love be able to save them?"
"49 When Joon moves into his new apartment on his first day of college, he wasn't expecting beautiful ex-celebrity Duna to be living downstairs. Joon tries to avoid her at first, but finds himself growing more and more curious about her mysterious life."
"50 When Manager Son is sent to a new department, his boring office life takes a sweet turn. There, he meets Manager Ahn, an older colleague whose competence and charming aura leave him in awe. But as Manager Son grows closer to her, he realizes there's more to her strong, independent front than meets the eye. And soon enough, he begins to understand why office crushes can get complicated."
"51 Mi-ae is just a normal middle school girl trying to survive school. She likes reading comics, the pop group ""The Fire Boys"", and karaoke. One day, a boy she used to know transfers to her school and begins to stir up trouble. No matter what she does, it seems he just doesn't appreciate her efforts to get to know him. What's up with that?"
"52 The pilots fudged their flight-checks and the plane engine's probably going to blow, but what else can you expect when Mercury is in retrograde? So much for the paradisiacal vacation these twelve contestants signed up for. Now all twelve members of the zodiac are trapped on a real desert island with nothing to eat but each other and some monkeys. Who will win? Who will survive? Only the stars know for sure."
"53 Born without magic in a world full of witches, Lone is determined to claw her way to the top of wizarding school if it kills her -- and it just well might! After a deal with the devil improves her magical aptitude and leaves her with a parasitic demon lord stuck to her forehead, Lone's dream is finally within reach. Now she just has to survive long enough to graduate high school...and help Lord Beelxaroth retake his rightful throne as King of Hell so that he'll finally get out of her hair."
"54 Every person has something they desire, whether it's beauty, wealth, or power. Depending on what you're willing to risk, you could have anything your heart desires. You could be beautiful with the swipe of an app or become anyone with the press of a button -- but it all comes with a price. How far would you be willing to go to get what you wish for?"
"55 Ina Yun is left without a job or home after she gets fired and her house burns down. Her luck takes a turn when Hyeondu Seo, owner of the Moonlight Beauty Parlor, offers her a place to stay as well as a job -- on one condition! Hyeondu suffers from insomnia, and it seems Ina's presence is the only thing that allows him to sleep through the night. If she agrees to help him sleep at night, she can stay. As Ina spends more time with with Hyeondu, her heart begins to skip a beat when she sees how thoughtful he is with each of his clients. Is Hyeondu only keeping Ina around to help him sleep, or do his feelings run deeper?"
"56 Eight participants, 100 days, and a shared pot of money amounting to 44.8 billion won (around 38 million USD). This is Money Game, a reality TV show, where participants try to spend as little as possible to walk away with as much as they can. Marooned in a specially designed TV set with nothing but a set of clothes and a rule book, every item they purchase is 1,000 times the original price. How much money will the participants manage to keep?"
"57 In a world ruled by fierce warrior queens, a grand empire was built upon the backs of Phoenix Riders—legendary heroes who soared through the sky on wings of fire—until a war between two sisters ripped it all apart.
 ​
 Sixteen years later, Veronyka is a war orphan who dreams of becoming a Phoenix Rider from the stories of old. After a shocking betrayal from her sister, Veronyka sets out alone to find the fabled Phoenix Riders—and will stop at nothing to join their ranks."
"58 Every Thursday afternoon, once a month, students at Love High cast their votes in a popularity poll. The result? A brutal ranking system that determines the entire social hierarchy of the school. After starting at the bottom, can new transfer student Suji make her way to the top of the pyramid? Or will she topple the game altogether?"
"59 Jesse was born like every citizen in the Fluidum universe, spending their first 20 years shifting seamlessly between a male and female body. Now with only one year left until they must choose one body for the rest of their life, Jesse is questioning the unquestionable... why decide at all?"
"60 In the near future, everything we experience in our everyday lives can be marketed as content for the masses. On the top video-sharing platform, Vvolume, content creators compete for views, likes, and subscribers in a fierce struggle for fame and wealth. The glitz and glamour of the ""Vvolumer"" lifestyle takes its toll, however, leading top livestreamer Songyi Baek to make an attempt on her own life -- only to meet Seungho Nam, a kind and hardworking young man with a voice like honey. Brought together by fate, Songyi and Seungho must navigate their way through this digital society, where every aspect of their lives is on display for the world to see."
"61 Gunwoo Dahn has vowed to overthrow the status quo of the dysfunctional high school he recently transferred to, where rich and powerful third-generation chaebol heirs call the shots and gambling runs rampant. But does Gunwoo have what it takes to beat the odds, defeat the Taekyeong Oh Family, and restore law and order to his high school?"
"62 If you lived through , or are still living through , high school, you can relate to Joon-Woo. An outcast and a loner, his only joy comes from the hours he spends on his phone, randomly chatting with strangers. It's all weird and meaningless, until Joon-Woo strikes gold , as he's matched in a private chat with a pretty young girl his age. Jackpot! But when he discovers that this same pretty girl is actually his classmate Seung Ah, things get a little too real for a guy who's never even remotely been kissed."
"63 Welcome to a world where artificial intelligence can drive your car, look after you when you're ill, and solve all of your problems. But all of this convenience comes at a price. AI can pose a threat when it no longer has humanity's best interests at heart. Can humans learn to coexist with AI?"
"64 Hanna, a 28-year-old college student, is getting her second undergraduate degree to become a lawyer. However, she soon realizes that she was supposed to go to a law school instead of getting a second undergraduate degree. Out of money and out of place, she joins a start-up business club to make money. Working with four other slightly weird teammates, they are starting a pet clothing business together. This feels a little funky, but everything will be fine... right?"
"65 Rendra, an intelligent high school student known for his computer talents, discovers that he can use his ability to hack as a way of exposing the misdeeds and hypocrisy of his classmates under the pseudonym ""Helix."" What starts as an attempt to enact justice on a chauvinist classmate moves further and further into a moral gray area as Rendra/Helix starts to look for new targets. Will he take things too far? Will his secret identity be discovered?"
"66 Gardening and solving crime aren't what straight-A student Yeon Han thought she would be focusing on at her new school. But when she discovers a notebook that contains clues to a 15-year-old murder mystery, she and the other members of her new gardening club realize the murderer not only has access to the school -- they probably work for the school. Can the gardening club squad figure out who committed the murder even though the principal and their teachers seem desperate to cover it up?"
"67 Long ago, an emperor suddenly decided to execute the members of his court. Only after being offered a girl named Aehwa, did the emperor's rampage stop. The emperor cherishes his ""flower"" dearly. When Aehwa expresses an interest in music, the Emperor makes Harang Kang her personal court musician. However, the emperor decreed that only he can lay eyes on Aehwa and has Harang's eyes destroyed. After finding out the true cause of his father's death, Harang swears revenge on both Aehwa and the Emperor. In this twisted realm of snakes and flowers, who will prevail?"
"68 When the town of Night relocates all of the townspeople to build a temple for its goddess Obscurity, 12-year-old Mane and 9-year-old Nox start a new life in the neighboring town of Morning. Trouble awaits them when Nox vanishes as if by magic, and Mane turns to Morning's goddess Lumiere for help. Told that he must vanquish Obscurity to save his kidnapped sibling, Mane is given the body of a grown man and sent on a perilous journey. Will Mane be able to save his sibling in a world where nothing is as it seems?"
"69 Layla just wants a new, quiet start in Yomanville. However, along with the relocation, comes new faces... and new feelings for her. Good thing she's confident and great under pressure--oh wait, that's not right. - Who wrote this synopsis?! - Anyway, join Layla, Dylan, Sally, Marv and Joe, as well as some rather unsavoury characters, in Da Yomanville Gang!"
"70 Have you ever had a ghost as a roommate? That's the situation that confronts Chanyang Jeong when a haunting turns into a homestay. The ""ghost"" in question is actually Jian Nam, heir to the Baekgyeong Group, who's currently in a coma after a suspicious accident. Jian needs to remain near Chanyang for three months to find out if he can wake up from the coma, so the two are forced to cohabitate. Can Chanyang uncover the truth behind Jian's accident, and endure living with her unexpected guest for three months?"
"71 Five childhood friends -- Dabin, Jaeha, Taehyeon, Sehui, and Hanbin -- make a promise to always stay friends, even after they become adults. Fast forward to the present, where they are now 24-year-olds facing pivotal moments in their journey into adulthood. As they face different challenges, the five friends try to carve out their own paths and figure out what they want for the future, lending each other a helping hand or offering a shoulder to cry on along the way. And amidst it all, unfamiliar feelings begin to blossom where there was once only friendship…"
"72 Yuhyeon becomes the youngest CEO of Hansung, a successful electronics company built on toxic work culture, but nobody he cares about is there to celebrate with him. After a night of drinking and wondering if he could change the past, he wakes up the next morning, 20 years younger at the beginning of his career. Armed with the experience and insights that made him CEO, Yuhyeon begins to revisit broken relationships and battle the enablers of Hansung's cut-throat work environment. But he does not yet know how changing the past will affect his future..."
"73 Bonggang Choi has a secret. He lives a quiet life as an ordinary college student, but he was born with a special ability -- he can read minds. Preferring to keep to himself, he doesn't act on the things he learns while mind reading. But when he reads the mind of Hun Jo, another student at his school, and finds out that he may have killed someone, Bonggang soon discovers that he can't close his eyes to evil forever."
"74 Hiroshi is shocked when he finds out that his imaginary friend, Enigami, isn't so imaginary after all! Then he realizes his beastly companion can battle it out with other kids' imaginary friends, and things start to get even stranger. But when these playground games turn serious and kids start disappearing, Hiroshi realizes that the consequences here might be more real than he first thought…"
"75 College professor by day, and bartender by night, psychologist Dr. Frost believes in one simple belief. Humans are all the same. He uses this tenet to guide his practice, and solves the puzzles of the human mind one by one."
"76 High schooler Sora Yeom has the perfect life: she lives in a beautiful house, wears the latest fashion, and even goes on dates with her favorite idol member. There's just one catch -- none of it is real! Sora lives out her fantasy life in VR, making reality feel boring by comparison. With the help of her best friend Yiheon, who dreams of being a real-life idol, Sora must find her place in a world where most people would rather escape into VR than face reality."
"77 As a high school student, Maya had her heart broken by two of the boys in her life, Tara and Radi, in rapid succession. Four years later, she is at the top of her class at university. Regardless, Maya finds herself strangely unmoved until she comes across a student doing ceramics and decides to change her course of study. She later comes across Radi at a local café and experiences a wellspring of emotion she thought she had put behind her. Can Maya forge a path forward or will she be dragged back into the unhappiness of her past?"
"78 Ever since her parent's funeral, Florette seems to only find solace in her flower shop and garden.
 Her love for nature is tested when she meets a tiny plant prince from a miniature plant world. With the ""invaders"" threatening his plant kingdom, Florette finds her calling to help save the world and its people. Could it be her botanist skills, or is there a bigger connection between Florette and the Kingdom of Soleil?"
"79 Featuring stories from the 2020 Short Story Contest! From wholesome stories to tearjerkers, are you ready to catch these feelings? New stories released every Wednesday."
"80 An apocalyptic event has wiped out most of the population. A young boy meets a girl in the sea of dead bodies. Bound together by their shared trauma, they keep walking forward in hopes of finding a safe haven. But does a safe haven exist in a world that has lost its humanity?"
"81 When the youngest sister of the Yu family ends her own life, her elder brother begins to investigate her untimely death. The only clue left behind is the record of her messages on Savior -- a mysterious online community for those who need salvation from reality."
"82 When Asterion wished upon a star for a better life, they never imagined an agent of the stars would actually come and grant it! Now they are the newest member of the Starlight Assembly, tasked with granting wishes made on the stars that light up the night sky. But even with their seemingly unlimited abilities, not every wish will come true..."
83 My life was ruined after you bullied me in high school. So why do you get to be happy and successful? I'll give you a taste of your own medicine! Now you'll see what it felt like to be me... And you better be ready to pay the price if you want to return to your own body.
"84 Powerful and headstrong, Iris is a young girl who commands magical powers that most of us would only dream about. But if her grandfather has his way, those mystical skills will be used to do little more than maintain a successful goldsmith shop in their tiny village. However, when war approaches their doorstop, Iris knows it is her destiny to help join the cause, and satisfy her urge to accomplish great things with her considerable gifts."
"85 Rari's entire world falls apart when her boyfriend dies. Overwhelmed with the pain of losing the love of her life, she decides to go through the bucket list they made together before joining him in death. Things take an unexpected turn when fate links her to Hansol, her neighbor who has a painful story of his own. The two embark on a journey to heal their wounds and learn there is more to life than trauma and heartbreak."
"86 Due to his prosopagnosia, Sang struggles with maintaining a normal school life. It's hard to make friends when everyone's face looks like an egg… literally. There's only one person he can recognize -- Ujeong, a mysterious girl who seems to struggle with fitting in herself. In their pursuit to be ""ordinary"", these two high-schoolers forge an unexpected friendship."
"87 Being called a freak isn't so bad when you have a spunky little black blob as a companion. An explosion leaves Nam Kang orphaned, scarred, and nearly blind, but he toughs out the daily bullying with the help of his imaginary blob friend, Inky. Until one day, Nam wakes from a bad beating to find his scars healed and his vision restored. At a new school, Nam is finally given the chance to live life as a normal kid. But it isn't just his scars that have disappeared. His best friend Inky is gone, too."
88 There is a serial killer in my house!
"89 Juyeon has a crush on the new recruit to the theater club, Sol. Things seem to be going well until Juyeon's ex girlfriend, Minkyeong, joins the club and approaches Juyeon with questionable intentions. As if running into Minkyeong wasn't enough, the trio are asked to perform in a play, ""The Maids"" by Jean Genet, for the annual theater club performance. Will Juyeon be able to unravel their tangled relationships and find love?"
"90 Hana has made every effort to avoid an inevitable family curse... of turning into a dog after her first kiss. Worst of all, the only way for her to break the curse is to get a second kiss. How will that work when Hana's first kiss is with a guy who is deathly afraid of dogs?!"
"91 Seven boys. Best friends. Their fates intertwined through the good times together, but also the tough times, as they have gone their separate ways and suffered greatly as a result. When all is almost lost for these boys, one is given a special chance to go back in time and help his friends fix the mistakes that led them down this path. He'll do anything to save them, but can he? Or is he too late?"
"92 Everyday life can be tough even at the best of times, and when you're a witch, an aspiring nun, or a former child actor, it gets a lot tougher! All Bakha, Minhyeok, Sara, and Sanghyeop want to do is live like everyone else and follow their dreams, but they are constantly confronted with prejudice and discrimination from those they encounter. Will they be able to show the world that despite their differences, people are all the same deep down?"
"93 Sori is a special young girl - kind, caring and principled well beyond her years. Unfortunately, these are NOT the personality traits generally celebrated in middle school , especially Sori's, where she's bullied mercilessly for defending the defenseless until she herself becomes a target. To escape, she transfers to a new school where the same old problems begin to play out all over again , that is until a mysterious trail of letters leads Sori on a magical scavenger hunt through the hidden world that exists right below the surface of her new middle school. The mail trail is the work an anonymous guardian angel, whose mission seems to be to provide a soft landing for Sori at her new school. But who is this person? And why did he choose her? With each letter, secrets are revealed and bonds are formed - as Sori learns about friendship, flora, fauna and finding the good in people in this strange new environment."
"94 Tired of dating apps that feel like they're in control of your love life? Then you better brace yourself for the not-too-distant future of LUFF, where a large worldwide conglomerate has created the ultimate romance-matchmaking-app. How powerful is LUFF? It just may determine every single aspect of your life."
"95 Friends since childhood, Haru and Hana do not have a typical relationship -- Hana is human, and Haru is her werewolf who must protect her. Although werewolves are starting to have more rights, they are still seen as exotic beasts by society. As the two fall in love, what will be their fate?"
"96 As Landon and Rachelle venture into falling in love with one another, they hit ruptures in the road. The more they learn about each other, the more they discover about themselves in the midst of encountering jealousy, scandals, accidents, and misunderstandings. Despite the losses and hurt they face together, they reconcile and create an unbreakable bond that guides them not only into a stronger relationship, but also to self-acceptance."
"97 Born a humble peasant, Kihara Mei has lived simply day by day as a merchant in the capitol, and never assumed things would change. But, one fateful day would change the course of her life, when faced with a deadly challenge against dangerous royal assassins. Now, with the eyes of the dreaded Blood King upon her, her life of simplicity would now become a tangled web of secrecy, deceit, and desire."
"98 He's perennially unemployed, his ex-girlfriend has moved on, and he's just lost all his life savings to a bitcoin scam. Burdened by societal pressures, Yijae Choi decides to take his own life. Insulted by his flippant attitude towards dying, Death comes to punish him with her game: he must experience death over and over again through 13 other lives. But if he can find a way to survive the imminent death coming for these lives, he gets to live out their lifetime. His life was a bust, but what about the lives of others?"
"99 Would you trade your poor but loving family for a life of riches? When Seungcheon gets his hands on a magical spoon that allows him to switch lives with his rich best friend, he thinks it's a no-brainer. But life-altering decisions are always accompanied by a sense of doubt, and with only three chances to change his mind, Seungcheon has to decide which of his two possible futures is worth keeping."
"100 Wild's High School, an all girls educational institute specializing in MMA, has a very special freshman enrolling this year. Jaegu, who fears women from being abandoned by his mother, is about to find out what girls are really all about in this action-packed school drama."
"101 Lucy, a woman with an uncanny sense of taste and smell, discovers that her favorite restaurant has changed kitchen staff--and she does not know the identity of the chef whose cooking she's loved for years. When a lucky accident leads her to two former chefs at Dimanche, she decides that she will do her utmost to track down each of their old colleagues in order to rediscover that ""perfect taste""."
"102 Ajin Baek is an actress at the top of her game. She has everything. She's a beautiful, award-winning actress, the public loves her, and she's about to announce that she's getting married. But on the night of the award ceremony, a news program exposes the darkness behind Ajin's glittery exterior. Just how far was Ajin willing to go to get to where she is now?"
"103 Lily is an adventuresome girl who lives in a boring town where nothing ever happens, but when young girls who stray into the forest near her village begin to go missing, Lily is pulled into a dangerous quest - one that transports her to a strange world that exists right below her feet."
"104 Who cares if you're invisible in high school when you can see and talk to the invisible? Reserved and quiet, Jamie Oh prefers to remain in the background and confide only in his friends, who happen to be ghosts. But when the most popular girl in school takes interest in him, his normal -- or rather, paranormal -- life takes an unexpected turn."
105 When you have an invisible roommate.
"106 Meet Mai, a woman born with a flower bud growing from her belly. The rare condition, Botanical Development has followed her from childhood into adulthood. In order to rid the bud it has to bloom and be deflowered. But the bud will only bloom once Mai has found a mate. Unfortunately Mai is awkward and inexperienced when it comes to the dating world. Join this eccentric twenty-six year old on her journey to becoming deflowered in Late Bloomer."
"107 After returning to college from a long break, model student Seol finds herself caught up with Jung, a senior who's also known as Mr. Perfect. Seol feels like her life took a turn for the worse since Jung came into her life... but is he intentionally turning her life upside down?"
"108 When monsters descend upon their hometown, two best friends - a school girl abandoned by her family and a mascot with PTSD - must work together to survive the apocalypse."
"109 Dragnarok is a fantasy story set in Aradel, the world where humans and dragons used to live together in peace and harmony."
110 Have you ever thought about who cleans up the mess that the heroes made from the fighting? SHADOW (Super Human Assistance Department Office Worker) is now here to clean up the mess!
"111 A nerdy, introverted gal and an extroverted, former frat guy move into an apartment together after college -- it's a win-win situation for two people who want nothing to do with one another"
"112 Her blood runs hot, and her temper is even hotter , even when it's the cold of winter. To lift the flaming curse she's carried since she was a little girl, high schooler Ember must find her cold equivalent… But finding a match whose blood runs as cold as her's does hot isn't going to be easy, especially when the only way to turn the powerful curse away is to KISS that person right on their frigid lips. High school dramas usually run hot-and-cold, but there's never been a story as fun and fiery as Scorching Romance!"
"113 Dani and Dorian have missed the bus of the school of magic. Now, they must find someone who teach them how to be a great and good witches... Or maybe not.​"
"114 Not having any friends is bad enough, but being swallowed by mysterious black sludge in the middle of class? The worst. Yijun is no stranger to solitude, until a school project plants the seed for a delicate bond with another loner, Suni. But friendship is a frustrating puzzle for those who are used to being alone, especially when one of them claims to control a black goo that only turns hostile when the host is gripped by anxiety. Will Yijun and Suni be able to open up and make something of their budding friendship?"
115 The girl that you keep thinking of when it blossoms. Regretting not having been able to express your true feelings to her a year ago. Should have had the courage to hold her hands.
"116 Every Friday, forbidden tales will be revealed."
117 The heartwarming tale of two men who find love in the Finnish countryside.
"118 A few thousand years have passed since an alchemist created Winter. Winter begins living with Jane, a writer, in exchange for telling her his story. From their interactions, Winter begins to learn the meaning of being human, and without realizing it, Jane begins to see a man who has changed her life in more ways than she could imagine."
"119 When a zombie apocalypse hits during the practice of a high school basketball team, it's a whole new life for the coach, Jeff. The world's turned upside down and the girls seem to be handling the changes way better than Jeff, who has troubles adjusting. A close-knit group of friends, the girls are eager to tackle this new world with its challenges!"
"120 When she was little, Yun Ai dreamed of becoming a magician. But in reality, she's just a high school student who can't even afford new socks. After meeting a mysterious magician at a carnival, she decides to follow her dream."
121 A story of Yumi and her brain cells.
"122 Follow the journey of the world's greatest paranormal investigator - Oscar Zahn. Friend to lost souls, enemy of evil, he may lack a body but that doesn't mean he's missing a heart!"
123 The shock of a tragic accident leaves talented actress Rahee Ku unable to make facial expressions. Her acting career seems hopeless... until she discovers the mysterious Ghost Theater.
"124 Jo doesn't take crap from no one. 
 
 Being fat as a teenager isn't easy, even when you know you're awesome. Watch as the clever Joan Rodriguez deals with school, bullies and all those people trying to change her."
"125 Ever since his brother left to serve in Iraq, Teodoro ""T"" Avila's life has been in the pits, until he runs into the girl of his dreams and realizes there might be more to life than video games. But when Manny returns home an utterly different person, it's a bombshell for the Avilas that leaves T shell-shocked. Determined to impress Wendy and in denial of his brother's condition, T doubles down on his studies, only to be hoodwinked into a road trip by Xochitl. With nothing but the road ahead of them, how much will T and Xo need to sacrifice to help save Manny from himself before it's too late?"
"126 Togeun quits his job at his dad's company and moves out of his parent's house to pursue his new purpose in life, drawing! Except... he doesn't actually know how to draw. When he discovers the artist whose work he had been admiring is his old classmate Sonagi, Togeun begs her to teach him how to draw in exchange for giving her a place to work. Thus begins the cohabitation of two unlikely friends."
"127 Summer is happily in love; Mira is a beautiful and successful woman but doesn't have a boyfriend; Jung-A lives with her boyfriend for 5 years. These 25-year-old girls are very close and believe in that they can keep thier friendship and love forever. However, everything changed after Mira's blind date."
"128 This story tells you the value and importance of family; it will also remind you of the happiness and sadness, joys and sorrows of childhood."
"129 Sometimes love can blossom from a single glance. This is the bittersweet, sometimes embarrassing, but always beautiful story of a classroom crush."
"130 What do you do if you're going on 18, totally awkward and lacking in self- confidence? You could just sit in your room all day and all night and study and wonder why you never get asked out…OR, if you're Amy Song you could join up with the Spirit Fingers , the strangest, hippest, coolest (yet most welcoming) art club ever. But as Amy is about to learn, discovering your TRUE colors is about more than just painting."
"131 These sodas will give you more than just a sugar high -- they're full to the brim with magical powers! When Alaina discovers they can give her a boost in school, one sip is just too good to resist. But one drink leads to another, and soon she's on a slippery slope to unintended consequences. Can Alaina get herself dry, or will she lose everything to the fizzy feeling of magic soda pop?"
"132 To escape from a loan shark hunting him down, 23-year-old Heo Se runs straight into a mysterious and luxurious public bathhouse. After a strange twist of fate, he ends up working as a massage scrubber and has to fight to be the last scrubber standing. Let the battle to become the best scrubber... begin!"
"133 You choose the next Original! Every Friday a new series will be released. If the third episode of any series receives 60,000 likes by the following Thursday at 5 pm PDT then it will be greenlit and will become a full-length Original series."
"134 This is a story about the struggle for peace and the search for something precious that has been lost for over a thousand years. Six young people, with the help of the ancient weapons that chose them, must work together to solve a millennial mystery before they too become lost."
"135 At the border between life and death, someone is waiting for you... ""How would I had time to think about death when I haven't yet figured out life...?"" About Death is a collection of poignant conversations on the inevitable rhythm of life and loss."
"136 A music loving teen with OCD does everything she can to find her way back to her mother during the historic race riots in 1969 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
 
 (Based on the YA novel by Hanna Alkaf.)"
"137 What if you had the power to erase people's memories? Would you use it to help those in need? Or would you use it to become the most powerful person in the world? For Kyle, this newfound power was going to change his life... for better or for worse."
"138 When his parents' love affair draws the ire of a powerful ruler in Ancient Greece, a young Aesop is taken away to become a slave under one of the most powerful men in the city. You know his fables, but do you know his story?"
"139 A webtoon writer, Songshin Ha, lives in the apartment, at the top of the hill, that has serious problem with neighbor's noise;
 and he desperately wants to solve the problem with his neighbors."
"140 At the first day of his school, Gamin saw something that he shouldn't have seen and from that day, his previously witch-less life became double double toiled and troubled."
"141 When Rick and Lora say they've been colleagues for a long time, they mean it. For over 200 years, these partners have roamed the mortal world as real-life cupids , magic-wielding foot soldiers on the battlefront of love. Now it's the 21st century, and Rick and Lora are facing their most challenging case ever: bringing together a Type-A, career-driven woman and a former football player-cum-barista who couldn't be more different. The pair is perfect for each other (even if they don't know it yet) so the cupids will have to make sure their love arrows land, and do it all while they face their own unrequited feelings for one another. Will love win the day? Read on and see!"
"142 A hundred years ago, the genius inventor behind androids, Professor Gepetto, left behind a mysterious inheritance. After the war between humans and androids has ravaged the planet, androids start to break down and run out of time, while humans are struggling to survive in the lifeless wasteland that is Earth. A single blue-haired android left behind in the Professor's estate may be the key to solving the crises as decades-old plans are finally set into motion."
143 Zoe Porter isn't a superhero. She doesn't have super powers. But she is going to be the hero of her own life - and she's going to do it with style!
"144 Gang-ho is a laborer at the local factory, sleeping just 3 hours a day and working like a horse. But when his face is burned in an accident at work, he's left unemployed. Scared of his daughter's reaction to his burns, Gang-ho decides to transform into the superhero, Gugu-Man!"
"145 Your soul is the most valuable asset you own, and even if you don't want it, there are others who will gladly take it off your hands. This could happen to anyone, but we will follow the story of Gabriel, a young adult who, in his darkest hour, may have found a good use for the soul he didn't want any longer."
"146 The internet has been replaced by The Frame, a hyper-fast network of instant connection and accessibility. There's no way that'll go wrong, right?"
"147 As personal assistant to an international pop star, Meera Verma has her hands full trying to keep the gorgeous and talented Carina Peterson primped, polished, and mostly on time. As personal assistant to a Los Angeles-based masked vigilante, Meera has her hands full repairing body armor, stitching up knife wounds, and generally doing everything in her power to keep the mysterious and reckless Skeleton alive and out of trouble.
 Carrie's just trying to make some music and fight some crime."
"148 Plenty of teenagers would kill for a chance to leave Earth behind and journey to Mars. But for Cal, that situation is pretty much reversed. One of only seven people ever born on the Red Planet, Cal dreams of returning to the homeland of his parents where, despite its many flaws, he can be free to live life his way. But Cal's plan of getting back to Earth may have to be put on hold, as an unknown presence threatens the very existence of the boy, his family and everyone who now calls Mars their home."
"149 After the death of her older sister, Yeorum Han enters her final year of high school. But when a nap in class runs long, she wakes up to find her biology teacher and best friend in cosplay... fighting monsters?! Faced with death, Yeorum chooses the path of a magical girl, and resolves to find out the truth behind her sister's suicide."
150 A young Leonardo Da Vinci and his childhood friends discover learning to fly takes a little magic.
"151 The students of Class 8 may not look like your average students, but that doesn't make their lives any less interesting. Follow Dongwon and his classmates as they have fun at school and redefine what it means to be normal."
152 There's a story behind every song and every instrument that plays them. Heart-warming dramas unfold at this musical instrument repair shop in South Africa.
"153 Humiliated and exiled, a poet builds an underground following within the ravenous rock scene through her enlightening poetry. Now, Laney and her friends fight against the white collar criminals who threaten their careers, all within a spectacle of visual metaphors."
"154 Nirvana Page wanted to see the world. Traveling by private seaplane with her father on their annual vacation, together they explore exotic places and discover remarkable wildlife, and even if it's only for a few days, she gets everything a seven-year-old girl could hope for. That is, until a mysterious force crashes their plane, separating Nirvana from her dad, and stranding her in a strange and unfamiliar land. It's there she encounters SITHRAH—a mysterious being who could hold the key to finding her father—and begins a grand and perilous adventure that will bring her to the end of the world and beyond!"
"155 ​CASTER - A world traveling rare antiquities dealer gets caught up in a world of espionage, but all he wants is his payday. A man of exotic taste, he is addicted to one thing: risk. However, to some, his appeal exists not because of his lifestyle, but because he truly cares about making sure the rare antiques he chases end up in the hands of a passionate buyer. He respects art and expects others to as well. No museums though. He needs to get paid!"
156 Collective Comic Essays on the Universe and Beyond
"157 Each day is a desperate struggle on the decaying streets of Kansai Core-IV, especially for Amelia and her newborn child. So when a citywide bounty is announced and $1000 given to every able-bodied citizen, she faces a difficult choice: Use the cash to survive another day or race against an entire city for the chance at a new life. Whichever path she chooses, her demons are sure to follow."
"158 On a visit to her grandparents' home, Alice falls through a mysterious door into Hell. In order to return to the world of the living, Alice must race against time to get to the center of Hell to return home. However, time may not be the only thing Alice is up against..."
"159 Welcome to the prison-like city of Kowloon. A cluster of conjoined buildings run by gangs. Where the ability of an individual to hope is non-existent. Daniel, Jin, and Ariana are three kids who defy this life sentence. They intend to escape and are willing to go to extreme measures to do so. Since escape on foot is impossible, their quest leads them to the sky."
160 A high school student's attempt to end his life is interrupted by a strange girl with even stranger powers.
"161 Navier Ellie Trovi was an empress perfect in every way -- intelligent, courageous, and socially adept. She was kind to her subjects and devoted to her husband. Navier was perfectly content to live the rest of her days as the wise empress of the Eastern Empire. That is, until her husband brought home a mistress and demanded a divorce. ""I accept this divorce… And I request an approval of my remarriage."" In a shocking twist, Navier remarries another emperor and retains her title and childhood dream as empress. But just how did everything unfold?"
"162 Lupe hasn't been able to adapt very well to the new school… though she hasn't really been able to adapt to anything ever. Four Leaf is a story about a bunch of dangerous magical girls, but most specially about one not-at-all-magical girl."
"163 With no memories and a mysterious illness consuming her, Ari must follow the clues of an old riddle that could possibly help her spirit friend Hadley recover his lost body. Little did they know, each riddle will lead them to a new kingdom full of familiar characters. As these fairy tales take a twisted turn, Ari's own story begins to unravel..."
"164 The Great Prophet Godo has a place for everyone in his perfect society… so long as you aren't a failure. Itshou is living a diligent and sheltered life when she suddenly finds herself denounced and marked for exile. While her beliefs are shaken to their very core, a chance encounter with a childhood sweetheart derails Itshou's banishment and puts her on the path to political uprising. Now facing down the same forces she once trusted to protect her, Itshou must untangle the web of lies at the heart of her city and unmask the Shadow Prophet."
"165 Getting crushed by your crush. Coming out to your parents. Learning that your sister is your biggest dating rival. High school sure does have its share of twists, turns and moments of high drama. To get through it all with your smile and sanity intact, you're going to need some friends. Really good friends. Friends like Johnny, Mariel, Gaby and Martina who, one way or another, will find a way to get through their teenage years together."
"166 When a new heir to the duchy of Belluna comes of age, there is held the Heir's Game: a brutal series of duels to determine the heir's bodyguard. When Theuden, the new heir, meets Isran, a quiet duelist with a mysterious past, their love will threaten to change everything."
"167 She's a smart, independent young woman who's kicking ass and struggling to make her way through the middle of the zombie apocalypse. Just her luck: one day she goes out searching for food and shelter and ends up finding a boyfriend instead. And, oh yeah, because modern love isn't hard enough…he's UNDEAD!"
"168 A girl who belongs in a different time. A boy possessed by an emptiness as deep as space. A story about an alien artifact, a mysterious murder, and a love that crosses light years."
"169 Edith is not your typical heroine. She struggles with her confidence, her morals, and life in general by not only holding herself to high standards, but her men as well. Enter two less-than-perfect men: one who may be the Prince Charming she's been waiting for to deliver a fairy tale ending, the other a brash reality check who does NOT believe in happily-ever-after. What will Edith do? Will she sacrifice her standards? Or keep searching for that mythical white knight who may or may not exist in the first place? Funny, messy and sexy, Edith's journey is relatable to anyone who's ever left their heart on the battlefield of the dating world."
"170 Orphaned at a young age, two stray cat siblings struggle through life to find their place in this world. Through a series of unfortunate circumstances, each sibling must eventually find their own path."
"171 With a dead sister and 25 years to go on her soulmate timer, Anya decides to cryogenically sleep away her problems. Too bad she wakes up to an apocalypse full of them. Now stuck in a burnt out landscape full of killers, Anya must decide which she wants to keep: her heart or her head."
"172 When his relationship went down the drain, Chiko Dyer started to develop a weird relationship with a local delivery girl."
"173 What do you value most? And if it was taken from you, what would you do to get it back? Join four strangers as they are transported to the mythical land of Luggage , and set out on a quest to locate lost items of great personal value. Along the way, they must make hard decisions about what's important to them, and what must be left behind in order to retrieve what has been lost."
"174 Candy always dreamed of something more exciting than her secret double life. Sure, there're her illicit nighttime meetings with Shun, the handsome class president with a double life of his own, but what good are cloaks without a little dagger? Lucky (or unlucky) for her, the new transfer student Jean is here to shake things up, and he just found out about Candy and Shun's covert hobby. Can the pair keep themselves out of trouble, or will the covers get ripped off their private lives?"
"175 Joanna is a mid-twenties office girl who likes social media and watered down coffee. While griping about her love life, she accidentally swiped right on a whole Pantheon of Gods and Goddesses! Looking to fulfill an ancient prophecy, only one of them will be able to claim Joanna as their own... after a nice dinner, that is!"
176 Xolia makes the deal with the devil in order to obtain her desires. But she soon finds that this deal is shrouded in more mystery than she could have imagined.
"177 Witness what the gods do…after dark. The friendships and the lies, the gossip and the wild parties, and of course, forbidden love. Because it turns out, the gods aren't so different from us after all, especially when it comes to their problems. Stylish and immersive, this is one of mythology's greatest stories -- The Taking of Persephone -- as it's never been told before."
"178 What would you sacrifice to save your family? How far would you go to protect your people? For Clove, the last princess of a near-extinct Dragon clan, the answer is the unthinkable: MARRY your greatest sworn enemy in an effort to bring peace to your land."
"179 Lady-in-waiting, Lucia believes getting through the royal wedding will be the toughest part of her new life. That is until she finds herself falling head over heels with Modeus, an up-and-coming knight to the king's guard. With her newfound interest, she is quickly awakened to the mysteries of the kingdom when she learns Modeus is in fact an enchanted suit of armor without a soul. Could there be more to him than just shining armor?"
"180 Meet Gwendolyn , living proof that princesses don't always have it all. See, although she lives in a castle and her father is the King, Gwendolyn isn't like a movie princess, or even a fairly-tale princess. She's got a big heart, but isn't particularly attractive and doesn't have a Disney-quality singing voice. But one night, she accidentally stumbles upon the twisted world of the Cursed Princess Club, and her life will never be the same. Hexed and cast out, the ladies of the club are just the people Gwendolyn needs to show her that just because she doesn't ""fit the mold"" does not mean she's any less of a princess."
"181 Blondina is living a real-life Cinderella story. After growing up poor and enduring a difficult childhood, she discovers that she is a princess of the Ates empire. However, her estranged father and half-siblings give her the cold shoulder when she moves into the palace, and Blondina must keep a low profile. That all changes when she befriends Amon, a cat-like creature with mysterious intentions. For years, creatures like Amon and humans have struggled to live in harmony. Can Blondina and Amon's friendship bring peace, or will it deepen the rift between their people?"
"182 What happens when your entire life is ruled by a prophecy , your future foretold by people you've never met, who died long before you were born. Such is the story of two young sea creatures. One believed to be a guiding light for his people, a Beacon who will lead them to a bright, prosperous future. The other is a teenage prince for who's destiny is to KILL the Beacon so that HIS own people might thrive. When both reject the course set for them, it leads to a raucous adventure as big and unpredictable as the ocean itself , and a romance that nobody could have predicted."
"183 Mori Jin is a high school student and Taekwondo specialist who enters ""The God of High School,"" a fighting tournament that promises the winner anything they want. What began as a competition to seek out the best high school fighter soon reveals itself to be part of a much greater plot that goes beyond Mori's wildest imagination. What will he give to become a true god?"
"184 After being trapped for 12 years in a tower full of regenerating monsters, Hyeonu Kim is more powerful than just about any human or monster on Earth. Now that he's free, he's determined to find out who was behind his imprisonment, even if that means he has to kill hordes of monsters -- and inadvertently save the world -- along the way."
"185 A handsome, selfish noble falls for a beautiful, kind commoner -- at least, that's how the story's supposed to go. When an average college student wakes up as Ripley, an extra in her favorite romance novel, she resolves to enjoy the luxuries of her character's status while watching the novel's plot unfold from the sidelines. However, her plans are soon derailed when she finds herself in bed with no other than Duke Zeronis, the novel's hero! Dodging the villainess' schemes, the Duke's advances, and her own feelings, can Ripley keep the story on track and survive beyond the first night?"
"186 After her death, Daisy Heidi is reincarnated into the world of ""Why Did the Duke's Daughter Roll Across the Pumpkin Patch?"", a so-called ""tragedy"" novel where the beautiful heroine Pierta indulges in reckless lust and hedonism with ten ardent suitors to a bitter end. Though Daisy is reborn as a poor commoner in this world, she has one distinct advantage over others in her second chance at life -- she's the author of the original novel! When fate brings Daisy into the lives of the novel's heroine Pierta and her dashing father Duke Henstone, Daisy vows to do everything she can to prevent Pierta's future of despair."
"187 Dokja was an average office worker whose sole interest was reading his favorite web novel 'Three Ways to Survive the Apocalypse.' But when the novel suddenly becomes reality, he is the only person who knows how the world will end. Armed with this realization, Dokja uses his understanding to change the course of the story, and the world, as he knows it."
"188 Suchan Jang is an extraordinary college student at the top of the social food chain. But underneath the perfect facade, he hides a pair of insect wings that suddenly grew when he used a mysterious bug spray called ""Jungle Juice."" Suchan's life crumbles when he bares his wings to the world to save someone's life. When all hope seems lost, Suchan stumbles upon a hidden world of insect humans where everyone is accepted for what they are. But the law of the jungle governs this secret society and all must fend for themselves in order to survive."
"189 There are two kinds of people with special abilities: villains, who are driven by their evil desires, and psykers, who pursue justice and work against villains. Cassian Lee is a very powerful psyker with a good heart. But one day, when he visits his friend in Greece, things take a wrong turn. Following an unexpected chain of events, Cassian ends up in the body of a Korean high school boy... who has just become a villain! Will his sense of justice win in the end or will he end up becoming a cold-blooded villain?"
"190 As plague and turmoil afflicts the empire, enchanting widow Rieta Tristi finds herself at the mercy of a malicious nobleman and his dying wish to have her buried alive beside his corpse. The plague has taken her husband, slave traders have taken her young child, and now her own life is at risk -- until an unexpected visit from the empire's outcast prince changes everything."
"191 Jieum Ban has an extraordinary ability: she can remember the memories of all her past lives. After her previous life is cut short by a tragic accident, she sets out to reconnect with the people of her past life in her current one. Will memories of her 18th life sabotage romance in her 19th? Or will love endure across different lives?"
"192 Scorned by her lover and thrown into power after the mysterious assassination of her father, Latil must marry to secure her sovereignty of Tarium. Instead of choosing one man to become her Royal Consort, she chooses five young men from all walks of life to join her Harem. Will Latil ever solve her father's murder, and can she keep the peace in her Harem?"
"193 Zephyr is the last human fighting evil in a world abandoned by the gods. When he is killed in battle by Tartarus, the god of destruction, all hope for humanity seems lost. But Zephyr's fate is not sealed -- the gods who find his battles entertaining have gifted him a second chance at life, as he is sent ten years into the past, back to when he was a slave instead of the most powerful human alive. Can Zephyr get his revenge against Tartarus and save the woman he loves, or is he doomed to repeat the past?"
194 What do you desire? Money and wealth? Honor and pride? Authority and power? Revenge? Or something that transcends them all? Whatever you desire—it's here.
"195 Jiwoo is a kind-hearted young man who harnesses the lightning quick reflexes of a cat to secretly make the world a better place , one saved little child or foster pet at a time. Kayden is a secret agent on the run, who finds himself stuck in the body of a…um…decidedly fat old fluffy cat. Together, armed with Jiwoo's super powers and Kayden's uber-smarts, they're out to fight those forces who would let evil rule this world. That is, if they can stand each other long enough to get the job done."
"196 After spending the night with a recent hire of the Tower of Magic, Wendy Blanchett, a talented young leader of the Rune Research Division, is faced with an impossible dilemma. She fears for her position and reputation when the newbie, Aiden Winters, asks her to marry him. Unbeknownst to Wendy, Aiden seems to have secrets of his own. Will their love blossom, or will his secrets tear them apart?"
"197 Princess Ariana de Secramise knows that becoming the first-ever empress of the Arbezela Empire will be no small task. That's why she collects five beautiful ""jewels"" -- talented, handsome men from all across the lands -- to help her reach her goal. Can Ariana maneuver her way through court politics to become the empress, and can these jewels help her shine?"
"198 Even though he's built like a fighter with a fearsome scowl, Jaeho would love nothing more than to become a florist instead. Unfortunately, Jaeho's overbearing father disapproves, pushing his son to become an MMA fighter instead. Jaeho enters the virtual reality game, New World, to escape his father's ambitions, but will he be able to realize his dreams?"
"199 A broken engagement and one too many drinks are the catalysts for a mistake that will change Penelope Zecalion's life forever, as she finds herself waking up in bed with the emperor! Grouchy, foul-mouthed Penelope is reluctant to let the emperor into her heart after her first engagement went so wrong. Can the emperor change her mind and win her heart?"
"200 Known as Hardcore Leveling Warrior, Ethan is the #1 player of the world's biggest game, Lucid Adventure. But when a mysterious player kills Ethan and forces his character back to level 1, he will do anything to get back on top. New friends and old foes, as well as mysterious forces and his own dark past, will follow him as he does his best to take back what was once his."
"201 A dungeon-guiding gig goes sideways for explorer Stetch Atelier when the prince who hired him tricks him into activating a fatal curse. But instead of staying dead, Stetch is resurrected by a sentient artifact that offers him a deal that may help him get his revenge. To hold up his end of the bargain, Stetch sets off on a long journey of raiding dungeons, slaying monsters, and making new enemies and friends along the way."
"202 25-year-old Ji-eon is stressed, overworked, and penniless. When a mix-up at a temp job has her spending a day as famous actor Doyun Nam's personal assistant, she takes her anger out on a doll... which turns out to have the magical ability to control him at her every whim. Now it's her turn to be the boss."
"203 The world is in constant turmoil, with constant wars breaking out between Heroes and Villains. Gifted with supernatural abilities, one lone girl sets out on a bloody path for revenge against the injustices of the world she lives in. With the constant clashes between titans, no one is safe. If no one is willing to protect the innocent, who are the real heroes, and who are the real villains? What truly separates one from the other?"
"204 Khalid, the Caliph, takes a new bride each night only to have her executed at sunrise. So it is a suspicious surprise when Shahrzad volunteers to marry Khalid. However, Shahrzad has a clever plan - not only to stay alive - but to end the murderous King's reign of terror once and for all.
 
 (A reimagining of 1001 Nights based on the YA novel by Renee Ahdieh.)"
"205 The day Yeonu's contract marriage came to an end was also the day that she witnessed her soon-to-be ex-husband, Seonjae, die right in front of her eyes. But when a twist of fate has her travel 100 days back in time before the tragic accident, she decides to do everything she can to stop the accident from happening. With a second chance to make things right, Yeonu is determined to make sure that, this time around, they get their happy ending."
"206 Tan's job as the King's royal advisor has nothing to do with his hatred for witches, but it does make him a prime target for a curse that turns him into a BULL! The only way to undo this hex is to rely on the beautiful witch, Aro. Can her kindness turn his feelings around, and break this spell?"
"207 What would you do if you were reborn as a character from your favorite romance novel? For Peony, an avid fan of ""The Song of Askar,"" the answer is simple: Marry her favorite character, of course! Reincarnated as the princess of the Kingdom of Garten, Peony is determined to marry Richt, the second male lead of ""The Song of Askar"" and former prince of the Fairspren Empire, who was banished to an inhospitable land after the novel's happy ending (which didn't end so well for him). Amidst trials and tribulations, can Peony and Richt make the most of their second chance at life and love?"
"208 Known as ""Pet Shop,"" Mr. Kim has the unique ability to absorb the skills of the creatures he eats. One day, Pet Shop is mysteriously transported to a magical world full of orcs, trolls, and monsters. A new world, new chow, and new skills. Now Pet Shop is determined to become the most powerful creature in the world. Follow his epic climb to the top of the food chain."
"209 At a glance, high-schooler Moran Baek appears to be a beautiful girl who's perfect in every way… or so it would seem. In reality, she is an exiled demon who has been trapped in a human body for over 5,000 years. When she learns that she is still unable to use her demonic powers despite finishing her exile, Moran despairs and struggles to find a way to become a demon again. One day, she accidentally discovers that doing a good deed restores her powers, and sets out to find a way to keep doing good deeds so she can return to her devilish ways."
"210 All Ell wants is for a warrior to come along and kill him so he can finally achieve a comfortable life after death. Just when it looks like he might get his wish, he accidentally kills the warrior who came to end his life. But Ell soon comes up with a different plan: if there are no warriors to kill him, he can raise one himself! So Ell the dragon, Lafi the magician, and Dino the baby warrior become an unconventional family. However, Ell soon discovers it's harder than he thought to teach a baby combat moves!"
"211 Robin just wants an easy life. Land a prince, live like a princess; it worked out for Cinderella. Self-respect need not apply. When her wish to live out a real-life fairytale is misinterpreted by the Fates, she finds herself in the storybook realm of Forever After, only she's not a princess at all! Cast as the Prince, Robin must fight her way through the broken stories of her youth and restore their happy endings if she ever hopes to return home. Some things in Forever After are not quite as they were written, and Robin is not the only one racing through the tales. Stuck with all the responsibility she never wanted, Robin could be the hero to save them all—but not if the Wicked Witch has anything to say about it."
212 A gay sorceror and a seductive priestess cross paths in an Online RPG.
"213 Ten years ago, a group of gods turned everyone on Earth into players of a sadistic game that forced them to kill monsters in real life -- or be killed themselves. Sehan Kim has already seen how this game will play out: everyone in the world dies except for him. When he's given the chance to go back in time and start a second playthrough, Sehan is determined to change the course of events and beat the gods at their own game."
"214 Based on two of Shakespeare's most beloved supporting characters, Everywhere and Nowhere follows the time travelling adventures of best friends Anne Guildenstern and William Rosencrantz, as they explore, fight and flirt their way through history. Their first stop is Ancient Greece, where the pair find themselves at the right hand of a very charismatic Greek leader loved by men and women alike, who also may just be bringing his people to the brink of war."
"215 James Chao, a hard-working, straight-A college student, suddenly finds a bubbly, curious fox spirit summoned into his room. Scarlet's appearance forces him to confront all the magic that exists in the world--something he's avoided ever since he was little. Together, they discover secrets about themselves and the world they live in, a world which reveals itself to be less peaceful than it seems, a world where Heaven, Hell, and Earth are at war."
"216 Waking up inside your favorite novel sounds like a dream come true. Unless you're born as the hated villainess, that is. Our new, full-fledged Louise Sweeny must try to reinvent her character to dodge her doomed fate of being killed off at the end of the story. It seemed easy enough at first, but there's one big problem. The story, which she knew like the back of her hand, has veered so far off course that she can't predict what plot twists are coming next. Can she avoid getting in the way of the male and female leads' romance to save herself from impending demise?"
"217 High-school student Dongjin Kim seems like a typical moody teenager, but underneath it all, he's a powerful psychic ""villain"" who aims to destroy humanity. But there's a catch -- every time he uses his powers to kill, he is thrown back in time. Trapped in this time loop, Dongjin tries to narrow down the culprit by doing the one thing he knows: killing those around him. Will he be able to escape from the time loop and achieve his goal as a villain?"
"218 Young baby Amelia moves into the palace of her tyrant uncle, Tessa Illuminas, for her aunt Lucinda's sake. As part of her new life, Amelia must now deal with conspiracies and court intrigue on top of trying to be a matchmaker of love for her aunt. Can the baby princess overcome all of this and have a happy ending?"
"219 Aurora is a young orphan who lives in a peaceful abbey, taking care of the outcast that her country's inquisitorial regime leaves out. One night, she discovers that she is marked by a terrible curse and is recruited by an ancient order of knights to train at an elite academy, in order to learn how to control her dangerous abilities. As the first woman admitted in the academy, Aurora is not well received and will have to use all her wits to defeat her opponents in an extraordinary world, where she is even more unusual."
"220 In ancient times, people believed that the forests of Paraguay were filled with gods and monsters. 
 
 Growing up outside of modern Asuncion, Hela never thought much of the old stories. When her best friend disappears, apparently kidnapped by the legendary Jasy Jatere, however, she learns that the old world is not as dead as she had thought."
"221 Killed on the battlefield without glory to his name, Yuseong Dan receives an opportunity to grow stronger with a strange quest and level system. But each quest he's forced to fight only seems to be getting harder and harder. Can he level up enough to avoid the same miserable ending and become the powerful hero he wishes to be?"
"222 After witnessing the shocking death of his mother, young Airen Farreira uses sleep to escape his painful reality, earning him the nickname, ""the lazy lord"". Yet, in spite of others' jeers and whispers, Airen has no intention of changing his ways. But when he awakens one day from a dream about a mysterious swordsman, his life's trajectory takes a complete turn..."
"223 They were trained as children to become super-soldiers. Human beings literally created in a lab to fight on the front lines of a bloody war. But when the war ends, what's to be done with the human-weapons? The subject of brutal experiments, some choose to break free and search for a cure before their own powers consume them."
"224 ""Had he been a hero in his past life or something...?"" 
 ""That's right. I once rescued this nation from destruction.""
 When Ja-in is kidnapped due to his family's massive debt, Unjo happens to walk by and save him from his kidnappers. From that day onwards, Ja-in's life is never the same..."
"225 Che is just a human in a world full of superpowered ""Kimyos"", but he's determined to become the greatest fighter to ever live. When his beloved mentor is murdered, Che swears vengeance and embarks on a mission to unmask the killer. But soon Che learns that the world of Kimyos is much larger than he ever imagined, and that he himself might be one -- the most powerful Kimyo on Earth, with the power of the sun itself. Will Che be able to harness his new strength, or will he burn up in the heat of this ordeal?"
"226 What would you do if you were reincarnated as one of the main protagonists in the romantic fantasy (""rom-fan"") novel you've been reading? Do everything in your power to keep the story on track and save the day to be crowned as empress? Make amends for all the treacherous things your villainous character did to change her fate of demise? Hone your magical powers and valiantly fight for the empire as a dashing imperial crown prince should? Umm, nah. When Yeonghui, Ji-eun, and Cheolsu find themselves in this predicament, they have other plans. Will their choices alter the course of this rom-fan world for good or for worse?"
"227 When monsters attack the world, a small portion of the population discovers special powers that help them fight these monsters. Of this group, one man stands out above them all. Taehun Kim's experience as a special forces soldier makes him a deadly hunter of monsters, both human and non-human. But when a magical artifact prophesizes Taehun's death several years in the future, he must fight to change his fate, and the fate of the world. Can Taehun and his team survive this apocalyptic wasteland?"
"228 A princess trapped in a tower, guarded by a dragon, awaiting rescue by Prince Charming. Sound familiar? But what if the rescue doesn't arrive in time? After ten years of waiting, Princess Elina is finally saved at the age of 28 by Prince Louis. Sure, he's from a faraway kingdom that Elina's never heard of and has a few weird personality quirks, but at least she's not alone anymore! That is, until a jealous witch curses him and turns him into a five-year-old child…"
"229 In Wonderland, Alex is the Ace. When tasked with hunting down the nefarious Black Knave and his scourge of Nightmares, Alex begins to have visions of another world beyond: our world. In reality, Alex is a normal teen who has been placed in a dangerous simulation to draw out a scientist's lost son. And time is quickly running out."
"230 Myeongok is just your typical 49-year-old mother living her life with her family--at least, that's what she'd want you to believe. When two people from another world suddenly show up and ask her to help save their world, she refuses. She has a family now and can't risk putting her life on hold... but will she be able to say no if her daughter is involved? Will Myeongok be able to find some way to save this other world and protect what's dearest to her as well?"
"231 Read Hooves of Death now on Webtoon! It's the end of the world, and humanity is on its last legs against the zombie horde. Now, all that stands between mankind and total extinction are Commander Sprinkles, Blaze, Sergeant Glitter and a handful of other fierce warriors. Mythical creatures with supernatural powers and incredible determination, they have sworn to protect the human race. Yes, they are unicorns , but they are also our last hope."
"232 What should you do when a 1000-year-old imoogi named Bari suddenly appears in your apartment and demands you pay for the sins of your ancestors? Help him become a dragon, of course! Young Yoo's life is on the line as he teaches Bari the ins and outs of getting along with humans in order to prepare for the Nakdong River Dragon Exam. Will Young be able to help Bari pass the exam and become a full-fledged dragon?"
"233 Lady Carina would rather be single forever than become any man's baby-factory. So when she shows up at the Duke of Wulvershire's annual Spring Fling wine and dine, it's a shock to everyone — but not more shocking than the ensuing series of murders! Will Carina make it out alive, and, more importantly, will she find herself a hunky husband?"
"234 When Nagyunn's twin brother, Najin, is murdered before his very eyes, he vows to avenge his brother's death by assuming Najin's identity. But although the two may look alike, when it comes to fighting, Nagyunn lacks the talent and skill his brother possessed. In order to successfully execute his plot for revenge, Nagyunn resolves to train himself to become the prodigious knight-in-training his brother once was. Will Nagyunn be able to keep his identity a secret before others begin to catch on to his act?"
"235 Have you ever wondered if the person you like is dreaming about you? Teacher Yeoreum Han doesn't have to guess -- she can make it happen, with her ability to walk into other people's dreams. She can even link the dreams of two people together, and use this ability to play Cupid for her students. But her matchmaking goes awry when she enters the dream of Si-u Park -- a lucid dreamer, who realizes that Yeoreum is walking into his dream. Si-u and Yeoreum's lives become intertwined after this incident, weaving a tangled web of love, friendship, and dreamers at Hanseo High."
"236 What would you do if you could live forever? Suki Kang has lived for over 10,000 years, yet always seems to make the same mistake -- she wants to save others from certain death. This time, she chooses to help veterinarian Jaeshin Lee with his terminal cancer prognosis. But the great clans of Baekje are dead set on finding out the secret to her immortality and healing powers. Will she be able to save her beloved doctor, or will the clans get to her first?"
"237 The Anti-Monster Force -- a group of hardened mercenaries contracted by the military to combat monsters. It's not quite where Regan, an ordinary young factory worker, expected to find himself, but a drunken night out with his friend leads him to sign an enlistment form. Before he can blink, he's through boot camp and the newest member of the AMF. Despite being assigned all kinds of grueling and humiliating tasks as the newbie, Regan does his best to fulfill his duty and protect humanity from fearsome monsters!"
"238 Tanz, a powerful creature of pure evil, is vanished to Earth against her will. Weak and without a plan, she'll have to rely on Cain, a human, to guide her through the world and figure a way back to her home: Hell."
"239 Sarang Park has only one mission in life: to save her cousin, Pyeonggang, from a life-threatening illness. The only way to do so is to find Pyeonggang's ""Ondal"" -- the person Pyeonggang has been fated to be with since her previous life. But on her journey to connect her cousin with her other half, Sarang just might get tangled up in a romance of her own."
"240 Sarimin is a jinn (spirit) who specializes in helping people get what they want at the price of their soul. In recent times, he's been down on his luck, with fewer and fewer people seeming to believe in the power of spirits. With the help of his trusted monkey, Tuyul (a money-obsessed baby spirit), and Wasa, a human soul doomed to be a servant for eternity, Sarimin attempts to get back on his feet and adapt to the modern world. In Sarimin, we follow the titular character as he attempts to tempt a new generation of humans."
"241 Ye-eun is a young high schooler who fantasizes about one day having the perfect first kiss with her crush. A practice kiss on her sister's action figure, Bryk, turns her world upside down when it magically brings him to life. Bryk, a once-legendary and most definitely human knight, finds himself perplexed as to how he woke up as an action figure. Though he sets out to find the witch who he suspects is to blame, he quickly gets caught up in Ye-eun's attempts to keep her sister happy and her crush interested. Bryk and Ye-eun vow to figure out what turned him into a doll and how to return him to his world as a human man. That is, of course, if he doesn't get broken, eaten, or stolen first."
"242 While out to get his sister's favorite snack, Baekhyeon finds himself and the people around him suddenly shrinking... to the size of ants! Now, everything from cats to robotic vacuums pose a threat to human survival. Within this chaos, everyone is given a gift -- a unique superpower and interface that lets them see data about themselves. Though it's become a dark and desperate world, Baekhyeon must put his ability and wits to the test to make it out alive and save his sister."
"243 Sparks fly when bumbling Prince Vain meets the enemy kingdom's royal blacksmith, Valka Voima. He might be visiting to broker peace, but that's all about building relationships, right? If only Valka would actually talk to him... Lucky for Vain, after a world-shaking theft threatens the fragile treaty between their kingdoms, the starcrossed Smity and Majesty are stuck on a run together! Will they be able to survive the shenanigans headed their way, or will they kill each other first?"
"244 A rowdy, young, and ambitious Orc named Gul is great at three things: running, running fast, and running away. But when one misadventure brings him face to face with Wran, a mysterious Dark Elf, fate hands Gul a mission that no one else in his village could keep pace with."
"245 Under normal circumstances, 24-year-old Dam Lee wouldn't move in with a random guy who she just met, much less a 900-year-old one. But these aren't normal circumstances: she accidentally swallowed the bead of a gumiho (a nine-tailed fox from Korean mythology) named Wuyeo Shin, and if they don't find a way to extract the bead from her body within a year, she'll die and he'll never become human. Can Dam and Wuyeo find a way to remove the bead from Dam's body before it's too late? And will Dam ever find love, especially when her unusual circumstances restrict her dating options?"
"246 Haena has been struggling to balance life and school ever since her father disappeared after winning the lottery. But one day, the appearance of some eccentric but attractive guys shakes up her world: Chaebin Do, a popular cute guy at school and a goblin, Yamagami Onisuke, a Japanese demon known as an Oni, and Wolfgang Lucifer Junior, a wolf-boy. They ask Haena to be their bride and claim to have met her father: will she trust them? Where will these relationships lead her?"
"247 After a great hero sacrifices himself to defeat the nefarious Demon Lord, an angel grants his wish to be reborn with his memories intact. Now known as Hero Baek, he puts his memories to use and writes a web novel depicting the story of his past life. In time, he lands a job at an entertainment company, working for the genius and intimidating CEO, Yeonhwa Do. Unbeknownst to Hero, his new boss is none other than the reincarnation of the Demon Lord. When his web novel catches her attention, the two mortal enemies appear destined to collide once again."
"248 Whether it's appearance, grades, or social life, Dongtae's at the bottom of the barrel. When popular transfer student Taebin gives him an opportunity to change all of that, Dongtae heads down a path to make things right. This is the world of DICE, where a single roll can change your fate."
"249 In a world where only special people known as Nomads are allowed to travel, Lance sets out with one goal in mind: to find his missing brother. However, his journey takes an unexpected turn when he meets Satra, a wannabe Nomad with a hidden past, and Saber, a cat with mysterious powers. What starts off as great company soon turns into more than he bargained for when wanted posters start popping up… and he's being chased by bounty hunters?!"
"250 Wendy Darling is a headstrong 17-year-old who dreams of escaping her humdrum life and strict family for a life of adventure, like the heroes in her stories. But what will she do when adventure actually comes knocking? In this retelling of Peter Pan, it's Wendy who must save Neverland from Captain Hook and the strange beasts that torment its inhabitants."
"251 The final goal is to be the master of time. But in order to become the master, you must kill and steal. The universe has given powers to a select number of people. The only problem is, you can get your powers taken away... along with your life. The keepers of time will need to protect their powers or pay the ultimate price."
"252 Callie thinks that in the grand scheme of the worlds at large, she's nothing special. With the unexpected addition of friendship and adventure into her life, she's about to find out that she was very, very wrong."
"253 Haeseo Han is an ordinary, hard-working office worker whose main concerns revolve around being overlooked for promotions, smug colleagues, and workplace stress. That is, until she finds herself intertwined in a prophecy that will determine the fate of a fantasy world! In the realm of the Beiston Empire, Haeseo is seen as the oracle who will determine the next successor to the throne and bring peace to the country. Hoping to win Haeseo's favor and become the next emperor, the three charming yet eccentric princes of Beiston cross over into Haeseo's world to begin their lives together as housemates!"
"254 Rasmira trained her whole life to become a warrior and replace her father as head of their village. But when her coming-of-age trial is sabotaged and she fails the test, she's banished to the monster-infested Wild. Her only shot at returning home and reclaiming her honor is to kill the sinister god who controls the realm , or die trying"
"255 Wetzel, Shelby, and Ebus may be brothers, but that doesn't mean they understand each other -- or women. Follow their wacky shenanigans as these three eccentric wizards try to run a struggling tavern on Hero's Road, file their taxes, and refill the pickle jar. Laugh so hard your lungs punch your eyeballs! Learn more about cooking than you ever wanted to know! Realize you're probably going to hell for laughing at this!"
"256 The strings that bind our souls can be used to control us...and others. While Eylin is not particularly good at string weaving, her unique soul structure does make her resistant to magical manipulation. Which, when you're the last person standing between the Amethyst King and his quest for ultimate power, is a very, very good thing..."
"257 When Sarang discovers a mysterious yellow umbrella left by her doorstep, she doesn't think much of it. But one rainy evening she opens her umbrella and is magically transported to Albia where she runs into two men, one of whom could potentially be her soulmate. Will Sarang be able to find her true love in a foreign land on the other side of the globe?"
"258 Suffering from heartbreak after being rejected by Poseidon, goddess of wisdom Athena becomes human to seek revenge... but as a high school boy. There she plots to befriend Poseidon's reincarnation, Adrian, who doesn't have the slightest clue about the world of gods. But will her sweet vengeance be thwarted by other opposing forces, or will her own one-sided love hinder her plans?"
"259 Elf & Warrior follows the adventures of a young, optimistic Elf named Basri and his Uncle Hector, a reformed (sort of) criminal in a unique fantasy setting full of strange monsters and magic."
"260 After the death of her parents, Hanna Yoo sees her life tumble out of control, until one day a mysterious email invites her to compete in Zero Game, where losing means death, but winning brings a big reward: the ability to reset your entire life and live it over again…this time without all the pain and suffering. In Zero Game, Hanna faces danger everywhere. But who can she trust? And how is her deceased father involved? Rivals beware: she may seem like a noob…but inside Zero Game, you underestimate Hanna Yoo at your own risk."
"261 Jake Baker, the working class warlock, struggles to make ends meet. But with the help of his friends and some down-home DIY magick, he might just keep chaos at bay, and pay his lot fees too..."
"262 A cursed girl's life changes forever when her cat, who lived with her quietly for a long time, shows her his real human form. Fluffy Boyfriend is a love story in a world of half-animal humans secretly living in plain sight."
"263 When Kubera loses her entire village on her 16th birthday, her salvation comes in the form of the magician, Asha. Together they journey through a world of Gods and Suras, magicians and pure-bloods. Intent on solving the mystery behind her past, Kubera may also hold the key to changing the world."
"264 Within the wires and pixels of your favorite video game lies an unsuspecting protector. Patch is the top guardi-agent at the Guardians of the Video Game Corporation, working hard to keep games running at all costs. That is, until his promotion is ruined by office politics and he's assigned to the obsolete Classic Games department. Nevertheless, Patch is determined to fulfill his responsibilities as a guardian."
"265 Dike the Invincible Death is the #1 target for bounty hunters across planet Urano. After getting drugged by a mysterious woman in a bar, Dike wakes up in the body of Denma, a 12-year-old space courier. With Denma's powers as a Quanx, he journeys across the galaxy fighting futuristic societies, flying spaceships, and foiling insidious plots, all to get his body back."
"266 ""Juan Seo"" is a high school student who was born with just one eye. He has an uncanny feeling that someone is watching him every day at school. Even though he's scared to death, Juan can't help but be curious... Until one day, he learns of the ""avian humanoids"" and falls into a state of great confusion. In the midst of this blood curdling tension, the war of the avian humanoids is set in motion!"
"267 On February 29th, children under the age of 14 are said to have their wishes granted on a day known as Melly Day. In a world where humans are said to be blessed by the gods, Hiasen has been granted the ability to manipulate mana in his dreams... but all he really wants is to see his mother again. When his wish is granted on Melly Day, the world as he knows it changes forever."
"268 Rai, the noblest of all vampires, wakes up from 820-years long sleep and starts his new life as a student in a high school founded by his loyal servant, Frankenstein. But his peaceful days with other human students are soon interrupted by mysterious attackers known as the ""Unions""."
"269 You know that one close friend who takes care of you as if they were your own mother? For Emma, that friend is Ryan. He's the boy next door with a super secret -- he's actually a werewolf with a supernatural family. Will he be able to keep up the act hiding his true identity from his long-time friend?"
"270 One hundred years after mosquitoes have evolved into the strongest predators on Earth, only 5,000 humans remain. Mankind's last hope -- an elite team of special soldiers -- races to save the day. Will they obtain the secret research that may give humanity a fighting chance against the mosquitoes before it's too late?"
271 People are no longer afraid of vampires but that doesn't stop humans from discriminating against them. Can Mari Baek hide her identity when she falls in love with a popular boy who hates vampires?
"272 High school student Anna wakes up one day to find that she's super hairy, incredibly strong, and craves meat all the time. Her mom thinks it's puberty… until Anna grows ears and a tail. Definitely not puberty. Can she figure out how to stop herself from becoming a werewolf before the full moon?"
"273 When his master dies, Gang Yong pledges to avenge his teacher at all costs. After training his martial arts skills in seclusion, Gang Yong sets off to hunt down the traitors and make them pay! But when he gets to town, he discovers they're... already dead? Well, what's he supposed to do now?!"
"274 Content with her ordinary life, Lyra is somewhat of a wallflower. However, her comfortable lifestyle suddenly goes astray when she accidentally plunges into the world of sirens. Entangled in a curse, Lyra will learn that her world may be a lot bigger than she had ever imagined."
"275 Rai wakes up from an 820-year-long sleep and starts his new life as a student in a high school founded by his loyal servant, Frankenstein. But his peaceful days with other human students are soon interrupted by mysterious attackers known as the ""Unions."""
"276 A former heir to the throne, Jinsei Kimura is now a fugitive on the run from the very empire he once called home. Now, to clear his name, Jinsei must fight alongside a team once sworn to deliver his head , working together to uncover the truth behind the coins that power their civilization. In a world without trust, where long-time allies are now enemies, can Jinsei harness the power of the Spirit Coins to find his own personal redemption?"
"277 The living and the dead have coexisted for a millennia, overseen by the Red Crows, a conclave of mediums who have power over the spirit world. However, in the early twentieth century, change is afoot…and a coming world war threatens the balance between mortals and ghosts! In the midst of this upheaval, one small ghost merely wishes to be left alone, and haunt her abandoned house in peace. But even the dead can have a great destiny that calls..."
"278 In a very special town, there's a very unusual bakery where the house specialty is a selection of baked treats hand-crafted to help you make your dreams come true , whether you need inspiration, support or confidence, they've got a cake or muffin fresh-made with magic to meet your needs. But for Ray, a quiet young woman with special powers of her own, the order is always the same: a hot tea with a delicious side of romance."
279 The daily life of an apprentice witch.
"280 A male concubine climbs his way up in the imperial harem of Phantom Paradise, hiding an ulterior motive."
"281 Chosen by the dragon gods, Kirym, a man who wields great power, must go on a quest to save his family, his country, and his way of life. Up against a rogue dragon god and flesh eating monsters, Kirym and his friends must race against time... or lose everything."
"282 A medical student passionately falls in love with a fallen goddess during his volunteer abroad in Nepal, and he desperately tries to fight off destiny to save his love."
"283 Fear is a powerful emotion that can end up overtaking one's life. Leon thought he knew that. But when he's thrown into the demonic realm that Catharsis governs over, he'll learn that there is more to ""true"" fear than he could ever have imagined... But will he learn how to face it?"
"284 This isn't your average workplace relationship. It's not every day you fall for a girl who accidentally turns you into her love slave, but that's not half as scary as meeting her mother. Oh, and did we mention the monsters? There's lots of those."
"285 ""Your Adventure"" is a comic where YOU decide what happens!"
"286 After the devastation of WWIV, humans have become virtually extinct and left the rest of the animal kingdom for themselves. Several decades of evolution later, the animals have grown in both population and human-like intelligence. Bucky is the last human on earth, and not everyone is a fan of his human history. He faces constant harassment and discrimination from his animal classmates to which he dreams of eradicating. It's not until he saves an all-powerful killer whale that his simple act of kindness becomes an endless cycle of pandemonium."
287 High-schooler Aru's dream of becoming an idol is cut short after dying in a car crash on her way to school. She finds herself being offered the option to be reincarnated into a fish... or attend Refund High School in the Underworld to change her fate. Will Aru be able to earn enough karma to reincarnate as the ideal version of herself?
288 The Steam Dragon Express is a magical flying academy
"289 A lonely insomniac writer fills her room with stories of strangers she eventually encounters. Her family vanishes overnight. The only evidence of their existence is her memories. To make sense of her world and why the stories are written, her newly encountered friend and herself will read through a library worth of her handcrafted books, filled with tales of fantasy and adventures."
"290 Ghosts and demons roam the earth, and it's up to exorcists to stop them. Powerful, fearless, and courageous- it's April's dream to become an exorcist, and when she's admitted into Elden Academy, the top school for exorcism, she's more than excited to start. However, the appearance of an unexpected roommate reveals the secrets and lies that lay within the world of ghost hunting."
291 A fantasy comic about a boy's destiny that starts to change as he receives a gift from his guardian god.
"292 When the leader of a biker gang dies and finds himself with a ticket to Hell, he sets out on a quest to change his fate. He needs to collect 100 black bracelets of other condemned souls to qualify for reincarnation."
"293 I like writing jokes people don't laugh at. Lighthouse for lost souls with social anxiety, depression, gender dysphoria...and more."
"294 ""Wake up."" These are the words Sora Han hears right before her heart stops and then begins to beat again. The first and only person in the world to successfully have a plant heart transplant, Sora has felt an inexplicable pull to go to outer space ever since her operation. At 25 years old, she finally gets the chance. But why does everything on the planet she travels to seem familiar? Sora learns more about herself on this journey than she could have ever imagined."
"295 Jin is a famous singer whose true identity is Lord Perdien, the legendary demon lord. Having withheld his secret for years to give his son Mi-Ryu a normal life in the human world, he is forced to take action when Mi-Ryu is threatened. Now that his demonic powers have been awakened, Jin will fight anything to protect his son."
"296 There are attacks everyday and people suddenly changed into Deman. But I... should look for my sister; also, the Gods are here to help humans to prevent the attacks."
297 Frasei is shy young mermaid who attends the prestigious Delphic Academy to learn sea magic. But everything changes when she discovers a unique calling!
"298 Special delivery to planet Mars! Intergalactic delivery service Warp Inc. is expanding into the outerreaches, and someone has to drive the long-haul trips. But will two kids and a Kiwi bird in a broke-down spaceship really be able to make their delivery deadlines on time? And, more importantly, will they be able to uncover the sinister plot hidden inside their classic cardboard boxes before it's too late for them...and the universe?"
"299 There are attacks everyday and people suddenly changed into Deman. But I... should look for my sister; also, the Gods are here to help humans to prevent the attacks."
"300 Dents is an apocalyptic journey to the year 2111, where more than half of the world's population has been wiped out by an ancient plague. After a vaccination is developed, there is a massive increase in the birth of identical twins possessing extraordinary powers, known in society as ""Dents."" Following an incident at school, Eleanor learns that she herself is a Dent, separated from her twin at birth, and is quickly swept into an underground society of other Dents trying to survive."
"301 When war threatens to destroy his nation's entire way of life, a young squire named Rob knows just the thing to do: steal a weapon from the Timeless Armory. The only thing standing between him and victory is thousands of miles, sinister knights, crooked elites and enemy assassins. Will he make it back in time to stop the invaders, or will he be vanquished along the way?"
"302 An exiled prince and his two blind samurai protectors set on a dangerous journey to reclaim their
 kingdom from demonic forces."
"303 Set in a modern world of aliens, warlocks, zombies, and ancient beasts, ""1000"" follows Dragon Son - a supreme entity who's abandoned all creation as he struggles to return to his true Dragon form by completing 1,000 acts of repentance. Son is joined by five other agents who are charged with secretly policing the world and keeping civilization from crumbling completely."
"304 When Shihoon was a child, his exorcist parents vanished in a fight with underworld spirits. After Shihoon has a chance encounter with the devil Mephisto, he somehow ends up contracted as the next judge for the legendary fight between archdevil Mephisto and the human, Faust. Along with his exorcist older sister, Shihoon enters the underworld to fulfill his contract and search for clues of his parents' disappearance."
"305 Dare Crilley is a bike messenger, and is utterly unsurpassed. She scoffs at bad weather, traffic is barely an obstacle, and she's never even missed a delivery. That's good, because Dare is about to discover her mysterious new client is literally divine, and that a dispute between the gods means the fate of the universe rests on a series of increasingly more difficult bicycle deliveries. Will Dare fail on any of these fateful missions? Can she assemble all the parts for the Legendary Divine Bicycle? One thing's for sure, Dare never backs down when it's time to deliver."
"306 With no knowledge of her birthright, Rhea Oribel, a young songstress of celestial origin, awakens her true calling."
307 ¨Ghosts among the wildflowers¨ is a webcomic about a group of strangers coming together to search for a treasure they arent sure even exists.
"308 The Shadow Pirates are the new sheriff in town. Beware all evildoers. This ragtag group of heroes will do whatever it takes to protect their majestic, underwater city and the inhabitants of Old San Diego. You haven't seen justice served until you see the Shadow Pirates lay down the law."
309 This video game would take you to the bottom of the world.
"310 Natali Presano never fit into her father's perfectly human world: politically ambitious, he turned his back on her just when she needed him most. Losing her mother to tragedy as a young child, Natali fled the safety of home into the arms of her aunt Selena, the mysterious guardian of a magical order waging a centuries-old war for survival in the mountains of Spain. 
  
 Natali, now in her 20s, has followed in her aunt's footsteps, becoming a powerful but rebellious witch in her own right. Returning to Seattle, she finds herself caught between a cruel modern world and the ancient evil threatening to destroy it."
"311 If you could be teleported down to the planet's surface, will you fight against aliens to save the last human beings? Now, here are the heroes, Class S, who fight against aliens with AB swords to protect you."
"312 Iremy and Enz follow the Ethermask around the world looking for a lost magic. They make friends, defeat enemies, and uncloak the mystery of the Ethermask's immortality along the way."
"313 Spirits are the living essence of the natural world. They have existed since the dawn of time. Here, on earth, they are all around us, but we cannot see them.
 
 Well, most of us."
"314 Aura is a certified buff spell caster from Planet Leviathan that came to earth by a portal accident. She attends school on earth as a way of adapting, and never fails to find friends, old alien frenemies, and troubles with her buff spells."
"315 Ancient Gods and new battles; the unborn Typhon's seventh daughter and her incredible adventures trying to understand who she is and why the Gods of Olympus are so hostile toward human beings. Warn you to believe at who says that they're just ""myths"", they are more real than what you think, and they are among us."
"316 A couple of elves, a gnome and a construct walk into a bar… Ranial, Thame, Ian and Math, four strangers brought together by circumstance, set off on a satirical cybernetic adventure. In the wake of a war that has left their world a post-apocalyptic, cyberpunk, fantasy wasteland. Words and Letters by Sam Machado with Edison Rodgers, Art by Cynthia Sousa Machado (Theamat) and Edison Rodgers with Sam Machado. Created by Bradley Mason."
"317 Starring John Barrowman, Acursian is a time-traveling magical journey set between 1745 and present day that follows Charlie Stewart, a dislikeable lawyer whose bloodline is cursed by the Gods after Charlie's ancestor, Prince Charles Edward Stewart, makes a deal with Bregon, the god of war. The exchange quickly backfires with Bregon stealing three talismans from his sisters, the goddesses of fate and time, and a battle soon ensues. Until the talismans are returned, the three sisters can no longer control fate and time, and Charles Edward Stewart and his descendants are cursed to lose everything on their 40th birthdays."
"318 An enemy from afar has threatened to kidnap the king's daughter. The king springs into action seeking the most elite members of his kingdom to protect her. Sounds like your average everyday fantasy tale. Except that it isn't… The king is overprotective, the queen can barely tolerate the king, the princess-in-distress is only 7 years old but is strong enough to beat up anyone in the kingdom, and the man or woman who must protect her? He doesn't have to be the strongest or the smartest…just the LUCKIEST person who ever lived. So yeah, what this tale lacks in tradition, it makes up for in sheer over-the-top lunacy!"
"319 Poor Matilda. All she wants out of life is to be a RuneTube star , sharing her escapades with fellow adventurers from around the world. But when you're the granddaughter of a killer mafia boss, and necromancy is a family tradition, your life plans have a tendency to go awry."
"320 The young prince, Deor, is an outcast in his own land. Born without the ability to use magius , a rare condition that marks him as an incompetent , he relies on his intelligence and tenacity to prove wrong those who believe he is not fit for the crown. However, with deadly demons and conspiracies threatening the very existence of humanity, Deor must protect the very kingdom which ridiculed him. Will he be able to defeat the demons and secure his position as king?"
"321 For centuries, twelve Guardians and the Knights who serve them have protected Mankind from the fearsome Keres, ancient creatures with a thirst for souls. However, a series of sudden and brutal attacks threatens the fragile peace between Realms. Now Hawk, a Knight who bows before no one, and Kira, a young inventor, find themselves in the eye of the storm and will have to rely on each other to navigate through decadent courts of intrigue and deceit..."
"322 In a world where magic meets technology, an exceptional engineer comes across an unusual find. What was meant to be a simple trip to the junkyard has lead Skye to discovering a fully functioning robot! But while trying to help the robot find her original owner; secrets begin to unravel and Skye learns the truth behind her clouded past."
"323 Being young, rich and handsome doesn't always bring you happiness. Just ask Ivan, the black sheep of his family. If he wasn't busy drinking, partying and being a royal screw up, he could be building a career in his father's vast business. As if Ivan's volatile family dynamics couldn't get any worse, he accidentally helps a supernatural entity steal a secret that could sink his father's entire corporate empire."
"324 David is what the supernatural crowd likes to call a ""true believer,"" a badge the teen wears proudly as he searches for the existence of all things scary and mysterious. When David, alongside his skeptical best friend Felix, are presented with proof that something terrifying may have landed right on their doorstep, the hunt for the Curse of Lalin is on - and life will never be the same again."
"325 Batman needs a break. But with new vigilante Duke Thomas moving into Wayne Manor and an endless supply of adopted, fostered, and biological superhero children to manage, Bruce Wayne is going to have his hands full. Being a father can't be harder than being Batman, right?"
"326 Adventurers seek to take the demon queen's head, but a love-struck young female mage wishes to take her hand. Join us won't you, for this bawdy tale of love and persistence set inside a real-life RPG."
"327 Having a boyfriend who's a full foot taller than you might seem adorable at first, but it usually just ends up causing a whole bunch of minor inconveniences. Follow Fishball as she navigates the Malaysian life with her 6'5"" geeky boyfriend."
"328 Jeb is an architecture major at university, rooming with his best friend Todd. There's just one problem... Jeb's secretly a gargoyle! Between studying, partying, and a bad ghost problem, will Jeb be able to keep his true identity a secret?"
"329 Ex-idol trainee Kiyu has lived his whole life adored by everyone for his good looks. But he dreams of ordinary high school life, so when he puts on glasses to blend in with his peers, he finds that making friends is a lot harder when you don't have your looks to fall back on. Not to mention he's also socially awkward, his new seatmate has a permanent scowl on her face, and his fans have tracked him down at his new school."
"330 Princess Sapphia of Mytilene is not into princes. So, when her parents start putting the heat on her to get hitched, she enlists the help of her equally gay best friend, Prince August of Phthia. But will these two royals be able to pull off a convincing sham marriage? More importantly, will Sapphia ever land a date with the castle maids? Follow these high class homos as they navigate life, love, and (occasionally) their actual jobs."
"331 Romance-super-fan Rei Chan is ready for her first boyfriend and she knows just who it'll be: the most handsome boy in school, Hansum Ochinchin. But her plans for the perfect love story are derailed when the most popular girl in class declares herself a rival....for Rei's heart?! This is the year her not so shoujo love story begins!"
"332 Bareum's planner might be full, but one thing she desperately needs in her diary is a date. When she is lured into joining a programming club by her friend's hot coworker, it looks like there might be hope for her. But will her inexperience lead to her downfall? And why does she keep running into his bad-tempered friend instead?"
"333 In this slice of (eternal) life, you'll meet God, visit Heaven and learn that what goes on behind the pearly gates isn't exactly the way the good book describes it. For starters, it's a pretty unhealthy work environment - what with God's ginormous, fragile ego and heavy drinking problem. The good news is that while heaven is a lot less holy than expected, it's much more hilarious too."
"334 How far would you go to take down the person you hate most? With no house, no job, and nothing left to lose, Geunyeong Lee is willing to risk it all to bring down the country's national treasure, Korean superstar Who Joon. But once the two really get to know each other, bringing him down suddenly becomes a lot harder. Will she be able to ruin him once and for all after she learns the truth about the man behind the popstar?"
335 The internet's favorite visual stand-up comic to make memes out of.
"336 Eunjo is an ordinary office worker who lives by the personal mantra, ""There's always tomorrow!"" She's lazy, messy, and clueless when it comes to looking presentable. Her colleague Wan Jo is the polar opposite. He's religious about self-care, and particular about his carefully constructed image. But they both have something in common: they're constantly at war with their past and future selves."
"337 Ga-eun is a junior in college who lives with her younger brother, a senior in high school. Ever since their parents' death, she has tried to stay strong and confident amidst juggling school and raising her brother. And after getting dumped by her boyfriend, dating is the last thing on her mind... until she gets involved with three of her brother's friends. Which one will she choose? The cheeky, handsome childhood friend Dowan? The calm, collected, and responsible class president Sangu? Or the quiet and intimidating but kind-hearted Jun?"
"338 An explosive time-space accident leaves happy-go-lucky 20-something Todd living with himself, himself, and himself. You get to watch the struggle."
339 Silly comics for silly people.
"340 When tough girl Kylie's former friend Tristan asks her to the Valentine's Dance, she knows he must be up to no good. 
 But nothing could prepare her for a figure from the past to return and disrupt the two feuding frenemies. With college prep, school cliques, and a disastrous dance ahead, will sparks fly in their senior year or will they stay a match made in hell?"
"341 Andy Bass is just like any other high school sophomore. She has to deal with maintaining grades, having an arch-nemesis, falling for a cute transfer student, and most importantly, being a vertical mermaid! (Totally normal, right?) Andy is the most hideous creature alive, and she still has to attend public school!"
"342 Come along with Murrz and her ridiculous life full of jokes, cats, school, and learning to navigate the 21st century."
"343 Maru Kang was just an ordinary kid with ordinary interests, until one day his father forces him to watch a soccer game on TV, sparking an obsession with the sport. Filled with determination, he sets a new goal for himself -- to become an amazing soccer player! The only problem is, he has already been proclaimed the ""King of the Losers"" at his high school. Can Maru overcome the obstacles in his path and transform into a talented and successful soccer player?"
"344 A walking, talking mannequin. Is this an opportunity to use, or an opportunity to be used? Bora simply wants a chance to get close to the fashion designer, Hongrin Da. Yet it would seem that Hongrin wants something more from Bora. Will Bora's struggles to become a fashion designer pull at Hongrin's heartstrings? If she even has any to begin with..."
"345 27-year-old Ga-eun Seong has everything that money can buy, but she can't rest until her athleisure company is the best in the industry. That's why she hires Chan Gwak to model her new leggings line for men. Chan has the perfect butt, but is it perfect enough to meet Ga-eun's high standards? After social media interactions have people thinking they're dating, Ga-eun begins to question... even though Chan's not her type, could she end up falling for him anyway?"
346 Carl is a robot psychiatrist that suddenly becomes sentient. He starts longing to be human but his creator and father figure Dr Alda prevents him from showing his feelings out of fear of losing him. More challenges arise when Alda's arch nemesis sets out to destroy them both.
"347 Gecko Chan is a young monster with uncontrollable strength. After moving to a new city, Gecko will have to learn to fit in a city that wasn't prepared for his monstrous size."
348 She's cold as ice. Can he melt her heart? ❄️
"349 They say you can't run away from your problems... and Joel just learned that the hard way.
 
 Talk about having cold feet! Joel is all set to marry Kim, his art school sweetheart, but in a moment of poor judgment he has an affair with his roommate Zoe. Hounded by the guilt, but unable to fess up to his fiancé, he decides the most responsible thing to do is... run away. As far and as fast as he can. He now finds himself selling cosmetics at a shopping mall in New Zealand. Sure, he is homesick, and everything is unfamiliar, but at least he can work through his issues in peace and quiet, right?
 
 Wrong. Read this comic to find out how Joel's plans fall apart, and how he puts himself back together, with the help of an unexpected guest..."
"350 In a world much like our own, fruit stacking has become the world's most popular sport…and a young boy named Plum will become that's sport most beloved underdog. Plum's journey begins at the gates of Apple Seed City, the living, breathing home of the beloved sport itself. Will he succeed? Can he overcome the odds? The answers can be found up in clouds, as our hero begins his quest to stack higher than anyone before him."
"351 Hyemin Lee is your typical high school student, complete with a pet cat and an annoying older brother. But when the shapeshifting villainess Nero unleashes a cat the size of an apartment building to terrorize Hyemin's hometown, Hyemin comes into possession of a magical watch and finds her true calling: she must join the fight against feline foes and become a Meow Ranger."
"352 Four high school classmates move into a former sorority house for their first year of college, and immediately discover the ghost of a dead sorority girl stuck in a discarded bottle of tequila. While the freshwomen are settling into college life, Tara settles herself into the center of their personal lives, acting as a seasoned mentor for their transition from girls to ladies.​"
"353 All his life, Dude has had one simple dream: to own a toaster. And he's finally done it. Nothing could possibly go wrong... right?"
"354 Meet Axelia. Since she was a little girl, all she's ever wanted to do was become a Monster Hunter. Tough and tenacious, she worked hard to achieve her dream. And then on the day she graduated from Monster Hunter school, with her whole professional life ahead of her…the world declared eternal peace between monsters and humans. Well then. Now, with a useless degree, and no other viable job skills, Axelia must take on any job that will have her. Alongside a wisecracking, underachieving demon and pretty wood nymph whose roots don't quite reach the soil, Axelia is determined to find the adventure she craves , even if it's at a soul-crushing minimum wage job. Girl's gotta eat, right?"
"355 One year after an unprecedented zombie attack that killed hundreds of thousands, South Korea has finally been declared zombie-free. But Jeonghwan holds a secret: his daughter is the last zombie left on earth. When her cravings are satisfied and her violent tendencies die down, it almost seems like there's hope for her to have a normal life. But how long can he keep Su-ah a secret from everyone else?"
"356 The internet is full of precious jokes that deserve to be cherished forever. These are my favorite tweets, Tumblr text posts, and other gems from the world wide web in comic form."
"357 After being declared clinically dead, traveling salesman Ed Zamsa tries to go on with his life regardless of his strange condition. As if things weren't hard enough without being dead."
358 Funny things happen so I draw them.
"359 Richie is a simple boy with a simple life. Yes, he has a distinct tomato allergy, and no, he's not interested in dating. That is until he goes on a blind date with Elle, the richest girl in the town of Overlook. It's an awkward date that gets straight up weird when Elle asks him to fight aliens alongside her. Wait...what? It turns out, not only do aliens exist, but they're also linked to Richie's past. Now, Richie has to find the answers to his alien heritage, while hiding the true motives behind the fabricated romance between him and Elle. What could possibly go wrong? Not much, besides fighting seven mega-powerful alien heirs who threaten to destroy everything he loves."
"360 In another dimension, anything can happen in your daily life. Absurdly funny, the boys from the 10th dimension are up to no good again."
361 A comic about a one-eyed house cat with her fellow house cat brothers :3
"362 What if your dream date turns out to be... a cat? Such is the dilemma for Bonnie, a young woman who wanted love and ended up with Claude, a highly needy half-man-half-cat instead. Will they be able to make it work? Is sharing the litterbox going to be a huge problem? And what ARE her friends going to think? Read Meow Man to see how this big ball of yarn unfurls."
363 Follow along with the adventures of weirdo Benny and her friends!
"364 Here is a ghost that works at the library; however, do NOT be afraid! He is just like you who does weird things and totally screws everything up. Library Ghost is taking a recess at the moment!"
"365 Two best friends attempt to answer life's greatest mysteries, such as ""what if our butts had nipples?"" This is a story of fart jokes and friendship. Currently updates on Tue, Thur, Sat. May not be suitable for younger audiences due to strong language and sexual references."
"366 You don't want to mess with Bad Girl Lorna or her motley crew of cats, raccoons, and best friend Norma."
"367 Have you ever eaten a sandwich so vigorously that crumbs got all over your hair and when you went to brush it off, split ends from your tired, disintegrating hair also fell out and you had to ask yourself, 'Am I even real?' No? Just me? Okay. Anyway, this is a comic about learning to be a real lady person."
"368 When it comes to birds we think they are just fluttering little creatures who have no contact with humans whatsoever. But bird owners know that's not true! Like pet dogs and cats, birds have a personality of their own.."
"369 Hapi Buni is a dark comic about an optimistic bunny with terrible luck. Always positive, Buni doesn't understand that the cute world he lives in is usually out to get him. The girl he loves, loves someone else. And his best intentions never seem to work. Yet he wakes up each day, hoping for the best. He also lives with his cynical father who is the opposite of Buni."
370 Follow the adventures of Cat Loaf and other pastry treats!
371 Dustin squiggles about being Frank.
"372 Danielle was cursed by an ex-boyfriend, and now, anytime someone asks her out, they get the warning label. It's scared a few people off, but even the ones who stay wind up bailing when the list turns out to be true."
"373 A heart-warming, heart-cooking, heart-eating, heart-digesting guide to love."
"374 Creating comics, playing videos games, eating burgers - everything is better when it's with your best friend. Learn how to adult with Tara and Sarah every Saturday!"
"375 After an asteroid destroys Earth, Moon Yoo unintentionally becomes the last person in existence, or so he thinks. Stuck on a research facility on the moon, he struggles with being the last person alive. Little does he know that humankind is watching his every move from Earth."
376 The secret lives of animals
"377 The terrible Horsemen of the Apocalypse have reformed and sworn off their ancient ways. Now retired and leading peaceful lives in a small town of England, these ancient calamities eventually find their anonymity, as well as their very existence, threatened by the arrival of one nosy student journalist… and a child who could bring about the End of the World."
"378 While exploring the dusty catacombs of a Pharaoh's tomb, intrepid explorers AC Stuart and Kat Swenski discovered an ancient relic that imbued them with the power to see the story behind any animated GIF. In a separate incident, they were bitten by a radioactive cartoonist. They now use their combined powers to explore the truth Behind the GIF."
"379 Comics to fill the uncontrollable, overarching void in your life! Of course, they probably won't."
"380 An ongoing dramatic, dark comedy about Hailey: A 20-something female who is trying so hard to live the California ""dream"" while colliding with the harsh reality of adult life."
"381 Naga, a high school student with psychic powers, gets recruited into the crime-fighting organization SPOON. He and his teammates Hyena and Sasa work together to save the world. Can they defeat KNIFE and find world peace?"
382 Your beloved creators came together for LINE Webtoon's first anthology series to celebrate National Dog Day. Let's get this puppy party started!
383 The Gentleman's Armchair is a comic—that you read!
384 Just spend three seconds of your day on this three-panel comic!
"385 While it may seem like a mere depiction of everyday life, The Sound of Your Heart is a comedy filled to the brim with wit, sarcasm, and parody. It gives no regard for the probable or realistic- it is a series of absurd situations that is sure to get a laugh out of every reader willing to suspend their sense of reality."
386 A weird comic for a weird world.
"387 ""I still love you, Trash Bird"""
"388 Etna and her Fire 100 skate crew had a simple plan for the summer: hang out with good friends and skate through every last inch of Juniper, the mountain valley paradise they call home. But Mt. Juniper, the town's long-dormant volcano has other plans. It's about to rain fire and brimstone down on their home…that is unless the Fire 100 team can find a way to use their longboarding skills to protect the town from peril! Looks like it's going to be a crazy summer!"
"389 Cluster Fudge is a comic collection of whatever fudge happens to cluster in creator John McNamee's mind on a particular day. Common topic for Cluster Fudge include robots, wizards, Kierkegaardian existentialism, and robotic wizards. Warning: For external use only."
390 Cute and funny comics with a pinch of biting humor.
391 Moonbeard is a comic in which characters interact with each other inside tiny boxes. Don't they know there's a whole world out there?
"392 In an era when mainstream media is giving the political establishment a reach-around, while sucking at the Teat of Corporate America, only one man can be trusted to give the American people the facts about what's really going on.
 
 Unfortunately, Walter Cronkite is dead.
 
 That leaves it up to The Polidiot to make sense of the political landscape in his weekly bedroom broadcast, Polidiocy.
 So join us each week America, and together we can figure out the best route to Canada after the November election."
393 A world where logic does not exist and anything is possible. The only limit is your imagination. Bite-sized comics with dry humor for the broken souls.
"394 Eat Fighter is a competitive eating, zombie murder epic that follows Miss, a thirty-something fitness nut who throws away her kale and step-counting ways to become a superstar on the competitive eating circuit. Following the lifestyle of her late brother, who was a champion competitive eater himself, she embarks on a quest to Seoul to become the World Champion Eat Fighter. But eating barrels of barbecue and acres of apple pie doesn't come without a price—so what's Miss's secret as to why she can eat as much as she wants and never gain a pound?"
395 The everyday misadventures of The Awkward Yeti
"396 A collection of sweet stories about couples and singles, office workers and unemployed people. 
 But be warned: there's more than a touch of bitterness here."
"397 Have a laugh at the lifestyles and worries of everyday people, sentient flowers, and belly-dancing office workers."
"398 Average Adventures of an Average Girl is a webcomic that talks about bad luck, a little bit of daydreaming and a lot of personal (and weird) daily experiences seen from the eyes of young wanna-be artist! If something can go wrong, it will go wrong. But it will make a great story"
"399 These tickles are not tickles for your skin, these are tickles for your soul!"
"400 Epic V is a series about three friends, their snake, and epic V-necks. Sometimes our friends can be obnoxious, embarrassing, or nosy, but we accept them for who they are. Celebrate the awkward times of boyish friendship with Epic V!"
"401 ""Show, don't tell. That's what they told me.
  
 ""The DaneMen"" is a silent comic strip. People all look the same.
  
 There are three main flavors: absurd, truthy and grim.
  
 Hitchcock said ""Drama is life with all the dull bits cut out.""
  
 Too bad. Life is 99% dull bits. Seems like a waste of bits to me.
  
 Chaplin said ""Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot.""
  
 Well...""The DaneMen"" has close-ups, long-shots, AND mediums-shots!
  
 Take that, Chaplin!"""
402 Lunarbaboon is a half man/half moon monkey trying to make sense of it all.
403 A little bit made up and a lot of it not
404 Comics that get you.
"405 With Earth rapidly deteriorating from pollution, colonization of a new SuperEarth is the only hope that remains for all humankind. But when giant monsters kill its sole protector, Mega KO, at the hands of Baron Diablo, the President of Earth is forced to find a new guardian. Orders go out for Mega KO's troubled son, stunt motorcyclist Cyko KO, to succeed in protecting the colonies!"
"406 See the world through Nicholalala's eyes. She has always seen the world a little differently, but now living in a new culture and struggling with a new language, she withdraws into her own mind and sees things in a more whimsical and creative way than real life. Where does reality end and imagination really start?"
407 Manny just took the reins of a nation. But who will take the reins of his heart?
"408 The girl of your dreams barely knows you exist. Your friends can't help. Your family is clueless. So where do you turn for love advice? Who can provide you with that essential assistance for the lovelorn? If you're average everyday teenager Paul, you summon a powerful demon from deep in the recesses of Hell and frankly, hope for the best."
409 You've got the raw talent. Or you're the underdog. But do you have the heart? Do you have what it takes? Let's see what you're made of. The real fight starts now!
"410 Jihan Han is your typical high school student -- minus the fact the he's acquired the special ability to view the world around him as a video-game. Not long after this discovery, he stumbles upon a hidden world filled with others just like him. Now, amidst juggling homework and completing quests, Jihan must learn how to navigate his newfound power in order to level up in life."
"411 When Cheongmyeong of the Mount Hua Sect awakens a hundred years in the future, his last memories are of a bloody battle against the Leader of the Demonic Cult, the evil Cheonma. The battle almost saw the end of the Ten Great Sects of ancient China, when Cheongmyeong ended the hard-fought struggle by striking down Cheonma. Soon after, he succumbed to his wounds, filled with regret at their pyrrhic victory. All is not lost, however, as he awakens to his second chance at life. Shocked to find his beloved Mount Hua Sect reduced to a mere shadow of itself in the present day, Cheongmyeong embarks on a journey to restore Mount Hua to its former glory."
"412 In the Republic of Terragua, being an assassin is not only legal, but quite profitable if you play your cards right. It's as simple as accepting a Blood-Ink, taking out the target, and getting paid. As long as you follow the rules and pay your taxes on time, there shouldn't be any problem at all. At least, that's what Maya thought until she met Rama, an unlicensed assassin with a thirst for vengeance…"
"413 Jay's the perfect student. He's got straight As and he's the student body president. But after being coerced into joining the school's biking team, the Hummingbird Crew, he discovers a whole new world outside of studying. What new adventures will he face outside the comfort of his textbooks?"
"414 In the near future, the world is a desolate place occupied by the undead. Strange crystals emit a deadly zombie virus as the last remnants of humanity struggle to avoid infection and survive. Despite all this, life is relatively peaceful for young Ruby, who lives in the Amina Safe Zone with her father and a small band of other survivors. All of this changes when Ruby encounters Arvan, a white-haired young man with pale skin and no heartbeat. This meeting sets off a series of events that force Ruby and her father to embark on a journey to discover the truth."
"415 PSI BOND: it's the hottest online game in the world. Self-confident high schooler Suho Kang is a Grand Master, a title only the top 1% of players can achieve. He decides to take clueless Doyoon Lee, a loner who may or may not be a gaming genius, under his wing. Join them on the battlefield of PSI BOND, where high-speed connections and high school will never be the same again."
"416 The 34th time Gyrus wakes up in a world ruled by monsters, he still thinks it's his first! Little does he know, he's stuck in a loop until he can survive long enough to collect the treasured ""boss sword"" from the Boss of Monsters and unlock the mythical Room of Swords before he dies agai-, whoops, too late! Well, here's to lucky thirty-five…"
"417 Yibak Kim has only ever dreamed of living an average, peaceful life -- nothing more, nothing less. But when he finds himself with supernatural powers, Yibak must now learn how to hone his new abilities and get used to the fact that, from now on, his life will be anything but normal..."
"418 Tired of being picked on, Yeongha, the new transfer student, decides to fight back… and discovers he can pack a punch. He soon becomes the top of the food chain, savoring his new title as the toughest guy at school. But he meets his match when Suho Kang, the Champion of the PVP games, single-handedly takes down him and his crew. To earn back his honor, Yeongha decides to join the PVP games. Will he finally get the satisfaction of beating Suho up? Or will he gain something more?"
"419 Abel's crew has pulled off daring heists around the world -- too bad he doesn't get to keep any of the money. Every dollar goes to the lords of crime who hold his brother hostage, and Abel has no choice but to fulfill their every demand. But when a dangerous woman enters his life and old debts are due, how far will he go to save the only family he has left?"
"420 If there's one thing Hwan Seok can't stand, it's witnessing injustice. But this time, getting involved with a pair of men targeting his next-door neighbor, Yerin, costs him his life. Three days after his murder, Hwan Seok wakes up…. alive! Armed with his newfound ability to be brought back to life after three days, Seok is determined to save Yerin but soon realizes he's gotten himself entangled in a plot bigger and more sinister than he originally imagined..."
"421 Ezra, a powerful exorcist with no faith in God, is tasked to protect a seemingly normal human from rising demonic forces. With his church under scrutiny and the threat of war on the horizon, will Ezra find his conviction in time? Or will Sunny suffer the consequences?
 ​"
"422 Ihn Kim is an explosive Taekwondo fighter who can throw brutal kicks, but his opponents don't take him seriously because he's held back by all the sparring rules. However, changes are coming in the Taekwondo world that just might give Ihn a fighting chance. Can Ihn beat the people who once mocked him and show everyone that his style of Taekwondo is no joke?"
"423 Meet Joe Gomez. He's got high school on lock , good grades, a cool band, and girls digging his vibe. But just when he's got the world figured out, he goes and turns into a saber-toothed tiger. A shape-shifting nature spirit known as a Chimera, to be specific. Now Joe needs every single one of his new powers to help save the human race , whether he wants to or not."
"424 Spirits roam the land in the mountainous country of Donghye. Some live peacefully alongside human beings, whereas others prey on the innocent. Solitary swordsman Sehui Han travels the land hunting down spirits and ghosts that plague the lives of ordinary folk. He is aided by a powerful spirit called Black Tiger, who grants Sehui strength in return for being allowed to feed on the spirits they meet. One day, Sehui encounters a young spirit called the Hwimori. Though she appears to be an innocent child, government soldiers are on her trail, determined to track her down. Empathizing with her plight, Sehui embarks upon a journey to restore her name and memories… but what will they find at the end of their road?"
"425 There's no lock Detective Dobin Kim can't open. With his unique ‘opening' ability, he can unlock anything -- even people -- to get the information he needs to hunt down criminals and solve crimes. Enter Locker -- his polar opposite and his enemy. When Locker uses her ability to ‘lock' a witness and prevents Kim from accessing key information in a crucial case, they plunge into a cat-and-mouse game with justice itself at stake. When two equal forces collide, who will emerge the victor?"
"426 If the bullets are virtual, then why does death feel so real? Questions like these are always front-of-mind on the front lines of the wars of the future, where virtual reality plays out in real time, and if you're killed in action you can lose everything but your life. But for elite soldier Nick, and his team of hardened warriors, the stakes are even higher as they race against time to win a war with very real world consequences."
"427 Ghost Bats, a semi-decent punk band, is suddenly thrust into a galactic Battle of the Bands to defeat their rivals....while conjuring giant monsters?! Can the band survive their interplanetary star trek and win the Grand Prize or will this be their final encore?"
"428 Milo lives in a world where interacting with androids is completely normal. And now, he lives with TWO androids built by his sister. How safe is he living with androids who have deadly strength? Why did his sister gift him a ""bodyguard android?"" Well, he's about to find out the hard way."
"429 The Sword Interval is about a world on the verge of a supernatural apocalypse. Most of humanity goes about their daily lives trying to ignore the constant threat of magic and monsters, but a few face these dangers head-on. 
 Fall is one such person. She has left behind the sheltered safety of the paranormal witness protection program in order to hunt down the monster that killed her family."
"430 As the Kaiju Wars rage on, Pacific Rim: Amara follows the young heroine whose life shattered when she is orphaned during a devastating monster attack. Fighting to survive as her city is destroyed, she finds shelter with a grumpy mech-inventor named Kai and his closest companion, Hannah. The trio forms an unlikely family in the aftermath of the invasion, looking out for one another and scavenging old mech parts to build their very own Jaeger, a pilotable giant robot with the power to protect Amara from the monsters that took everything from her."
431 The Aphrodite protocol was initiated in an attempt to save humanity from a predicted extinction level event. Its mission was to engineer humans that could survive via technological singularity and genetic enhancement to repopulate the Earth.
432 The story of the sidekick's journey to becoming a true hero!
"433 Action, adventure, air pirates; Set in an alternate 1940s, Jackie Rose is a rip-roaring adventure story filled with excitement and fun, that still manages to tug at the heart strings."
"434 THE BADGUYS is a superhero comedy heist comic with a cast of characters supremely out of their depth. Dealing with daddy issues, bad breakups, decades-old grudges and profound professional inadequacies, the whole endeavour is pretty much a foregone conclusion. Badguys never win: There are rules, after all."
435 The Red Hook is a super-thief who is bequeathed the omni-fist of altruism and transformed into a hero against his will a year after a sentient Brooklyn's heart is broken and physically secedes from America.
"436 When Brooklyn separated from New York City, it caused havoc on a massive scale. Now, one year later, a mysterious purple figure engulfed in flames has appeared. Who is the Purple Heart and what does his arrival mean for the future of Brooklyn?"
"437 The Red Hook's dead girlfriend is resurrected into WAR CRY, a human of mass destruction hosted by a teenage boy. When a demigod from their past comes to haunt them to death they must resolve their lost love."
"438 STARCROSS finds New Brooklyn on the eve of an ice age that will make all life on earth extinct. The only way to save the planet is for The Red Hook to ally with Sun Dog, find and rekindle romance with War Cry, confront the Omni-Gods, and give birth to a new dawn where only love can save the world!"
"439 Welcome to the World Fighting League , a violent pastime popular with sports fans who have grown bored with the predictability of baseball, basketball and even football (!). Imagine the most brutal fighters in the world each sporting destructive superpowers, and overseen by an ethically questionable enterprise that values profit over fighter safety. The fighters put their lives on the line for fame and fortune , the audience laps it up , and the dark side gets even richer. It's a dirty business that works…that is until a young warrior comes along who's fighting to save the life of his brother , and is willing to bring down the system to do it."
"440 Sonia Rockwell is a teenager from Radio City, who will have to face her high school daily life while she fights against the supervillains who attack the city. Join the adventures of this supersonic girl!"
"441 Nobody paid much attention to John , just a normal teenager at a high school where the social elite happen to possess unthinkable powers and abilities. But John's got a secret past that threatens to bring down the school's whole social order , and much more. Fulfilling his destiny won't be easy though, because there are battles, frenemies and deadly conspiracies around every corner."
"442 In a world where ghostly Blanks can steal your face , and your life , at any moment, a young boy named Rex hunts for his brother's killer. Cursed with the unique power to physically touch Blanks, Rex starts to uncover darker secrets at the city's center and in his own past. Will Rex unmask the killer, or will he become just another faceless victim in the City of Blank?"
"443 Born into a bloodline of witches, Max is forced into a life on the run from the witch hunters. But when she unknowingly finds a way to use her magic, her life changes into something she could have ever imagined."
"444 The Red Hook must combat his vigilante mother to destroy an Apocalypse Sword, only to rebirth the wrath of a villain who threatens to send New Brooklyn back to the stone age!"
445 The misadventures of a blood-thirsty baby T-Rex.
"446 On the surface, Tom Tanner is having an average high school life - struggling to stay on the lacrosse team, hiding his affections for his friend Sally, and trying to keep his head down and grades up. What his father, an LA police detective, and friends don't know is that Tom is an engineering prodigy and is being recruited by BACKCHANNEL, a decentralized hactivist group causing havoc at prisons across the U.S."
447 A comic about getting yourself a boyfriend... or multiple boyfriends! Four college students begin a polyamorous relationship and navigate the adventure that is their dating life!
"448 Civil servant Sinn gets a huge surprise on his 29th birthday when he is chosen as the first subject of an experimental new law to marry someone he's never met. His marriage partner is Mari, a recluse who has yet to experience the small joys of life. Now the two must navigate their relationship as a married couple, all while proving -- or disproving -- that the law will benefit the greater good of society."
449 What do you do when you're having a bad day? Need a hug? Or just a laugh? Call your boyfriend of course! Follow along with Robin and Julien as they navigate in their own small world.
"450 Dana is a freelance illustrator who feels lonely and stressed out from working all day and doing little else. But this all changes when she is joined by a new four-legged friend: a small Pomeranian puppy called Myeongdong. This cute little pup shows her what unconditional love looks like, and Dana does her best to look after her new pal, too."
"451 What happens when a girl who wants to date but doesn't believe in love meets a guy who likes to flirt but thinks relationships are a drag? That's how it is for Nabi and Jae-eon, two art students who meet in college and develop a strong connection -- inspired by butterflies. As they get to know each other and their relationship progresses, they'll face the early stages of attraction and the ups and downs of dating. This story will make you long to be in a relationship -- even when you know it won't be easy."
452 A collection of short stories exploring the many kinds of love we experience in our lives
453 Waroo is a boy with long hair who loves to try new things. These are the heartwarming and amusing tales of his daily life.
"454 A lighthearted comic about an amateur university Taekwondo club! Join the team as they train, sweat, eat, & laugh their way through daily life."
455 Smile Brush Season 2! Waroo comes back with more heartwarming memories to share.
"456 Wony is just like other Korean guys in their 20s. He hangs out with his friends and worries about things like finding a girlfriend and his below-average English skills. Oh, and he's a wolf!"
"457 Nang-Nak, an old poodle with blurred vision, and Soondae, an adorable kitten, love their owners and are loyal to them. Here are episodes of a mature dog and an energetic young kitten who will always wait for their owners to give them love and affection."
458 Cooking Comically is an admittedly weird mash up of comics and recipes that aims to dispel the difficulty of cooking and make your kitchen a place you want to be.
"459 Created and run by animals, Roar Street Journal provides a selection of stories and comics to bring a smile to your everyday life."
460 Midnight Rhapsody is back with Season 2!
"461 Nokia is a young adult, living on a space station New Rauma. Nokia has just gotten their immortality and the best use they can come up with it is to browse the old internet all day long without eating or sleeping and not having to worry about dying of hunger. After three weeks of old internet Nokia's parents decide they've had enough."
462 Darius returns home one day and learns the greatest secret in the universe. A Meta-fictional Series about banter between God and the Creator. Have you ever wanted to ask the big questions about life? Then Just Ask Yuli.
463 Sometimes we just can't get out of a ditch; yet we still hope.
"464 Follow Alex as he defies all reclusive, introverted webcomic cliches and explores the outside world with his plastic hand sidekick, Johand. Expect the sky, some grass, buildings, maybe a bird, some rain."
465 Come and meet these adorable friends in Jungle! Jingle Jungle village has many animals who are ready to make you smile as you read the episodes.
"466 This is a story of the simple life of the three bears: the panda bear, the black bear, and the polar bear."
"467 Penguin is a Korean cartoonist who got married to an English man Mev. Sometimes they are faced with cultural differences, but they never fail to put a smile on each other's face. Follow their love story with this comic!"
468 A WEBTOON x 88rising memoir series that spotlights the experiences of Asian women in entertainment and how we can help #StopAsianHate together.
"469 Having a handsome, kind and caring boyfriend like Elios means the world to Emma. Even a look at him makes her heart flutters. But little does she know about a secret lies deep in their relationship. What is the said secret?"
"470 Ashlyn is a loner in high school with no friends. But when a fateful visit to a haunted house causes her and her classmates to see monsters at night, she'll be forced to forge bonds to survive."
"471 Min is unique. Plagued by debts, misfortune and a troubled past her life has been anything but normal. When she has the opportunity to earn a great deal of money, 50 million dollars to be exact, she would be a fool to refuse. Despite the odd conditions she takes a chance with Shuu, the handsome, irritating billionare who can change her life. Can she keep her secrets close to her chest or will she ruin them both?"
"472 Emile is an up-and-coming skater in the beloved sport of Skate Battles, a high-stakes combo of figure skating and martial arts. Radu is a well-known senior skater and several time champ with the world at his feet. However, during an ill-fated match between the two, Emile discovers Radu's secret, which could threaten to destroy him. Will Emile keep his secret? Or could this rivalry turn into something more...?"
"473 When Chaerin Eun becomes the protagonist of the romance novel she is reading, she expects a fairytale ending with the novel's love interest, Jeha. But when a bizarre twist makes her realize the story is not playing out as it does in the book, she'll need the help of an unlikely character from her class to defy the new storyline and find her happy ending -- if only she can figure out who this ‘Unknown Extra' is first!"
"474 At this school usual students study with vampires from wealthy families. She is a representative from disciplinary committee, he is a guy who breaks school rules. She is a hunter, he is a target. He is her stalker, she is his target."
"475 Choa is a mermaid who can't swim! Discouraged, she trades the ocean for a pair of human legs. But when the star of the high school swim team finds out her secret, he offers her the chance to prove her family wrong: free swimming lessons for a mermaid!"
"476 Sarah is a tough girl who prides herself for being independent. One day, after fending off several boys harassing her in the street, she meets Elios, a young blind man her age. She is immediately charmed by him, though he maintains an air of mystery. Has Sarah met her first love? Is everything what it seems?"
"477 The beloved Dr. Matias Guevara tends to his patients in his little neighborhood health clinic, unaware that Dr. Fernando Guevera opened his new veterinary clinic right next door! With their patients confused and their tolerance running thin, the two grown men constantly bicker and compete! Will their similar names and professions cause their rivalry to go untreated, or will they heal each others broken hearts?!"
"478 On the dawn of her 29th birthday, unlucky-in-love Yunha discovers a shocking family secret: she's started growing a fox tail, the mark of an ancestral curse. She must find her fated love before her 30th birthday or she is destined to become a fox forever! Even with her new-found enchanting power to attract men using her scent, will one year be enough to break the curse before it's too late?"
"479 Donnie Ali's shiny reputation is soiled the night he kissed an android, for romantic relationships with droids are deemed too dangerous and forbidden. But after his press release, another potential scandal emerges when he saves Jensen, a man on the run from an unknown assailant. Now living under the same roof, and paparazzi on every corner, could this romance be even more disastrous than his first?"
"480 Can she see them or not? Hayeon has always felt something creepy near her. She knows ghosts exist, but she can't really see them. She suddenly meets a boy who not only sees them but fights with them? Hu-an Lee isn't your average student. He's a half-ghost. He knows there's something different about Hayeon, but he can't seem to figure out what. No one can. Human or ghosts!"
"481 Bea is over her ex. Absolutely, completely, over her... except that she's not. When Bea finds out that her ex is also attending her sister's wedding, Bea does what any logical person would do and summons an incredibly hot, sarcastic demon to be her date. But demons are tricky, and now hers won't leave her alone."
"482 Yunjo is a young prince who has always served his kingdom from behind the scenes. He's spent his whole life in the shadow of his brother, the crown prince Yigang, fighting enemies and winning wars in his name. All that changes when one day, he meets Seolyun, a mysterious and charming woman who captivates him instantly. What happens when a man emerges from the shadows to follow his heart? Can he overcome all of the obstacles in his way to step into the light and be with the one he loves?"
"483 In 2049, highly advanced and affectionate robots are becoming humanity's primary companions in place of real relationships. Xada makes his living by modifying these bots to fit their owners specific wants and needs. However, his newest job leaves the LoveBot strangely sentient, and asking for his help... Sparks will fly as Xada relearns human connection and helps uncover the truths behind the LoveBots' existence."
"484 Join high schoolers Kyle and Lilly as they discover hope, joy, and love in the simplicities of everyday life. Sweet and heartwarming, just like a chocolate latte, their love story proves that actions speak louder than words."
"485 After being unfairly framed in devildom, middle-tier devil Sitri falls onto Earth as a human and searches for a serial killer who could take him back to his origin. He meets a stubborn, strict human boss who he initially hates; however, he eventually starts having feelings for her. Love has no limits, but... does it really? What will be their fate?"
"486 Garam has always loved to draw, but his dreams of being an artist have been on hold ever since his mother passed away. Wanting to become more independent and focus on his art, he moves into his grandmother's empty house by the ocean. There, he meets his greatest muse: a mystical water creature with no memories of her past. Now it's up to Garam to help her uncover what she has forgotten."
"487 When a monster hunt gone wrong sets two strangers on the same path, they discover their relationship may be more than strictly professional. Enter a world of dangerous beasts, dark magic, and perilous circumstance. When everyone has their secrets, the truth is as murky as the waters of the deepest swamp."
"488 As a child, Sasha Laurent lost her parents overnight when the Dochen Republic invaded and burned her hometown, Neroi. Fleeing across the border, she lived off the streets until rescued by General Gerard of the Allied Forces. A decade later, when he asks her to infiltrate Dochen as a secret agent, she has no choice but to comply, but soon finds herself a prisoner at the mercy of Major General Johann von Willendorf. Sasha's unhealthy obsession with Johann veers dangerously close to love, but will her feelings change when he makes her a double agent?"
"489 A Guardian Angel without his memory ends up in a cats body. Lisa is a down on her luck, whose life has always been tinged with misfortune. Fortunately her cat, Rain, is always there for her when she needs him. But little does she know, Rain has a big secret. His memories may be missing, but Rain remembers this... He'd do anything to protect Lisa."
"490 In a near-future Pyeongyang, clones have become an indispensable part of human life. Tasked to test XYZ Corporation's latest prototype, biomedical engineer Dr. Yuri Lee is marveled by LPC-6, a physically perfect and intellectually superior clone designed for a single purpose -- to give unconditional love to his master. As she uncovers the depths of her unfaithful husband's depravity, she finds solace in ""Victor"" and his extraordinary capacity for empathy. Will her desire for retribution and love set her onto a path of no return?"
"491 Norang and Paran are known at school to be the perfect couple -- minus the fact that they've already broken up. But unable to back out of a promise to participate in their school's dance festival as their class's representative couple, they decide to keep their split a secret, just until the competition is over. As the day of the festival -- and their ""official"" break-up -- approaches, the two begin to realize that ending their relationship may not be as simple as they thought."
"492 When the nation's most popular hero falls from the sky, he is saved by a totally normal girl. The strange incident turns both their lives upside down and leaves them with countless questions. What caused the accident? Why does it feel like they've met before? How are commoner noodles so delicious? And… um… can a hero and a villain fall in love? (Asking for a friend.)"
"493 A sexy supernatural story about being out on your own, finding your dream apartment and discovering that your new place is haunted by a handsome spectral stranger from another dimension. Sure, HE can't see you and YOU can't touch him, but who said every relationship starts out perfectly?"
"494 Liz is a normal teenage girl who can see monsters... that want to eat her. The only person who can save her is a demon with a creepy smile and an appetite for live cats. But first, she has to become his fiancé!"
"495 This is a story about nanobots, genetic engineering, and two girls falling in love. No matter how technology changes us, we'll always be human."
"496 When a down-on-her-luck student runs out of money -- and hope -- it's time for the devil to make his entrance and give her an offer she can't refuse. But this devil has problems of his own. He's a cog in Satan's corporate ladder, who's quickly losing credibility because that same desperate girl isn't ready to part with her soul willingly. Now, she's working at his coffee shop while he tries to convince her that she can have it all. And the cost? Merely her mortal soul…"
"497 When Ran wakes up to a giant egg by her bed the morning after being rejected by her longtime crush, she has no idea what to do. To make things weirder, a handsome man emerges out of the egg and starts calling her ""mom""! As Ran and Eggy grow closer, she starts questioning their relationship. Is she really just his ""mom""?"
498 Sia is a modern-day vampire who absorbs energy from humans by touching them instead of drinking their blood. She has been desperate to touch Jiho since the day he moved in next door -- but he's a germaphobe. Will Sia best his mysophobia and get to touch Jiho?
"499 They say third time's the charm, right? After three misunderstandings, sparks start to fly between classmates Yuzuki and Kou, and what stems from fate turns into friendship and eventually blossoms into love. But you can't have a high school romance without a love triangle. Enter Subaru, a boy from another class who isn't afraid to go after Yuzuki's heart! Who will Yuzuki choose in the end: the quiet and inexpressive Kou or the bold and friendly Subaru?"
"500 Doctor Andreas Marino loves his quiet life, filled with work and simple amusements, and when the strange Miss Abbott arrives in his town he decides he doesn't like her at all. Unfortunatelly she's funny and quirky, has an uncommon past and seems to enjoy getting him in trouble. Welcome to a sketchy Victorian rom-com!"
"501 Shimizu Anya is the daughter of the two former top Tennis Players of the world. And now, it's her time to conquer the domain of Professional Tennis at least until her destined rival came and completely crushed her before she could even break out of her bubble. This is where her one-sided rivalry begins."
"502 When a witch is told she needs a virgin to complete a spell she sets out in search of the ideal candidate, but what happens when the victim - a geologist with all the makings of the perfect sacrifice - isn't quite as innocent as she thought?"
"503 It may have been the music that attracted her to band class, but it was love that made her stay…even if she doesn't have any musical talent whatsoever. But what high schooler Camilla lacks in ability, she makes up for in passion , especially when it comes to Victor, the handsome musician who's caught her eye. Will love rule the day, even when your crush-of-choice is a real brass-hole? Read on to find out!"
"504 Kade lives his average life alone and undisturbed... until a cute alien girl crashes into his backyard! By opening up his home, will this other worldly girl inadvertently open up his heart?"
"505 It's senior year and Sara Lin just turned 18. She's got great friends, a cool Dad (or so he thinks) and a whole lot ahead of her. The last thing she needs is to worry about having her first kiss. But that's all about to change because her good pal Patrick just challenged her to a bet that will either lead to love, heartbreak or embarrassment…or maybe all three."
"506 Ayden seems to live a pretty normal life…normal that is except for the voice in his head haunting him 24/7. It takes meeting Maggie, the cute barista, to uncover the horrifying truth behind the madness. Together with Maggie, Ayden discovers that the voice in his head is actually a servant of a demonic force who collects souls once they've matured on their 30th year. With Ayden's birthday just around the corner, he and Maggie join forces to find an alternative to their fated demise."
"507 The dawn of the 20th century! The City of Gallery is a place of science, diversity, and wealth… but it's also held in the clutches of a corrupt ruling class that's squeezing it for all it's worth. Enter: LAVENDER JACK — a devilish vigilante whose fighting prowess and advanced technology make him a nightmare for Gallery's elites. But they're not about to loosen their grip on the city without a fight. They've got some devils of their own, you see..."
"508 The sole survivor of a magical plague, Noam Álvaro is accepted into an academy where he will be expected to defend Carolinia, the nation that persecuted his family. Noam decides to use everything he learns to destroy Carolinia . . . that is until he becomes distracted by a mysterious and powerful classmate who warns him that nothing is as it seems.
 
 (Based on the YA novel by Victoria Lee.)"
"509 What if you developed superpowers that could change your life only to discover that these incredible abilities only worked on…animals? When you're teenager Jin Lee, that's a pretty strange concept to wrap your head around -- especially when you wish your destructive powers could help you overcome the bullies who torment you at school instead. But Jin is quickly learning that there's a place in this world for a special individual like him -- and he's definitely not the only one of his kind out there."
510 A parkour boy becoming a hero in the hacker's world!
"511 Brooklyn cartoonist, Jake Jeffries gets caught in the fallout of two super-humans battling and is accidentally irradiated with superpowers. Fraught with ""Superman powers and Spider-Man problems,"" Jake learns to fight crime in his secret identity as The Brooklynite, and chronicles his adventures in a comic book series while struggling to lead a dual existence."
"512 Granted superhuman abilities via cybernetic implants, they were created to be the pawns of a corrupt and evil corporation. Free and united against their creators, they are known as Cyberforce."
513 A virus is attacking people who abuse others on the internet. Comedic ass-kickings are occurring across the country by a sentient electronic entity that appears through the personal devices of bullies and babies alike. Who or what is OUTRAGE?
514 What would you do if you were given a second chance to turn back time and relive your past? Would you do what you did back then for fear of the butterfly effect? Or would you take a different course of action and let the future speak for itself?
"515 Can two people look exactly alike? Fear sweeps the city as people report seeing their own doubles. Then the disappearances start. Mere coincidence? Or are the mysterious twins harbingers of bad luck? Whatever they are, if you spot one, you better think fast!"
"516 Welcome to the future , where our world has become an exercise in contradictions. We are more connected than ever but alone. Healthier than ever but sick. Safer than ever but ultimately vulnerable. Seed is a story for these future times. Where the relationship between a girl and an AI system that begins simply, quickly complicates things for the entire world."
"517 Are you ready for BRAIN Anthology? From mind-bending stories, to disturbing tales of our most primal fears, this anthology is designed to make you think and keep you up at night! New stories released every Saturday. Featuring stories from the 2020 Short Story Contest."
518 What would you do if your school's extracurricular activity was a mandatory military service amidst an actual war? A class of students is turned into a platoon of soldiers to fight against unknown slime-like objects.
"519 Sam and Maggie are a normal couple, in a normal house, in a normal neighborhood. There is nothing strange about their heads, their neighbors or their sweet little dog. Everything is Fine."
"520 Nita doesn't hunt supernatural beings and sell their body parts on the black market , her mother does that. Nita only dissects the magical bodies for her mother. However, Nita's about to get a real taste of the family business and there is no turning back.
 Now, Nita must decide whether she is willing to become a monster...
 
 (Based on the YA novel by Rebecca Schaeffer.)"
"521 On earth there are bad people, and then there are REALLY BAD people. If you're one of the latter, you don't just get sent to Hell, you get sent to Hell and get assigned a job collecting the souls of some of the worst people on Earth. Such is the career path of a young woman named Scarlet, who dies and is delivered down to the fiery underworld only to find herself in an entry level position as…The Grim Reaper!"
"522 Rayne woke up with no memories of the apocalypse. Samael is just... a delinquent, who happened to find Rayne at a rooftop. They both ended up making a deal in order to survive in a world where cannibalistic monsters roam."
"523 Overly rational. Sociopathic, even. Sean's unfeeling personality consistently drives people away from him. That is, until he wakes up after a night of heavy drinking in... an escape room? Now he must use his unique mind and join hands with other players to survive sadistic games of life and death. The only way out is to escape!"
"524 A rainy night. A mysterious island. A boy with a dangerous story to tell , if only he could remember who or where he was. So begins a chilling journey into the unknown , when uncovering a twisted world of secrets is the only way to survive."
"525 In dangerous urban legends and dark ancient myths, human instincts and urges take form in unusual ways. Discover strange and thrilling depths in Tales of the Unusual. Often the thing that we should be most afraid of... is ourselves."
"526 The Marked Man has struck again, and rookie officer Callahan and her partner are the first on the scene of his latest grisly murder. The investigation quickly takes them into the dangerous depths of Shiloh, where more than just their suspect might be hiding in wait."
"527 A survival horror about love, acceptance, death and revenge. And sexy flesh-eating demons. Yeah, it has those, too."
"528 ""Am I the only one still alive?"" A boy wakes up to find himself in a building full of dead people, and Gangnam is shrouded in complete darkness. No cars, no electricity and no stars in the sky… Not only Gangnam but the entire city seems deserted."
"529 Welcome to the Heartland, a nightmarish realm where your own memories come back to hunt you -- literally. Dragged into the Heartland by the terrifying Beast that lives inside it, Matthew must survive long enough to free himself and his best friend Kenma before the Beast consumes them both. Better run fast, Matthew, before the Beast can catch you."
530 Unknown Caller is an app-exclusive horror anthology with stories from renowned Korean creators who have been scaring audiences for years. These stories use augmented reality to unveil the creatures that haunt your home.
"531 Life at Hyosan High School is nothing special… until the students realize they're in ground zero of a deadly virus that turns its victims into flesh-eating monsters. As the virus tears through their schoolmates in a matter of hours, they realize they have nowhere to run. Trapped in their high school with zombified versions of their friends and teachers, they must find a way to fight -- and escape with their lives."
"532 After an unexpected family tragedy, a reclusive high school student is forced to leave his home -- only to face something much scarier: a reality where monsters are trying to wipe out humanity. Now he must fight alongside a handful of reluctant heroes to try and save the world before it's too late. Now a Netflix Original Series."
"533 Sojin Yeon, a temporary employee who posts her daily work life on her vlog, gets caught in the midst of a messy crime scene after the murder of her assistant manager. Her viewer ratings are escalating along with the shadows of her past latching onto her from moving forward. Can she break free from the mysterious crimes that are continuously occurring around her?"
"534 The more you think about it, the scarier it gets.
 This is about things that are everywhere and nowhere."
"535 Six old school friends are invited to be the first visitors of GremoryLand, a new horror theme park that promises an experience as unique as it is spooky. But once this experience starts there is no turning back, and they find themselves tested beyond what they imagined, facing their most desperate fears in order to survive."
536 A secret experiment on serial killers conducted in the woods? What could possibly go wrong? Follow one young researcher's descent into madness and self-doubt as she attempts to escape a locked facility with ten bloodthirsty murderers. Will she make it out with her humanity intact?
"537 A relaxing getaway in paradise, or a death trap? A young man wakes up on a breathtaking beach, but he has no idea who he is or how he got there. Try as he might to piece it all together, untangling this mind-bending mystery won't be easy when every clue leads to more maddening questions... and the family that welcomes him into their home is not what they seem."
"538 Prepare to swallow your screams. This horror anthology is loaded with special effects for maximum scare,just in time for Halloween."
"539 Have you ever gotten that eerie feeling that someone's watching you? That when you turn off the lights, you're not alone? Read these terrifying ghost stories and try not to scream. A collection by Korea's master of horror, Horang."
"540 In the mood for a scare? You've come to the right place. Welcome to a world of nightmares and terror, created by the masters of horror at LINE Webtoon. Enter at your own risk."
"541 Anxiety, loneliness, depression… with a regular therapy you can deal with these issues, but Melvina's Therapy is about something deeper: creepy secrets remaining in the darkest space of your mind, waiting for you…"
542 Stories that crawl up and down your spine.
"543 Tensions rise as two men wait for someone to save their lives after falling and getting stranded on the cliffside of a dangerous hiking trail. When days pass with no indication of help, the cliff becomes a stage for confrontation, violence, and madness."
544 A seasonal anthology exploring the sinister nature of classic children's nursery rhymes.
"545 Jaeshin sees dead people, and Officer Han can sniff out evil. Literally. Their search for a missing friend leads them and professional stuntwoman Yuhyeon into a tangled web of vile cover-ups and twisted violence. Can they handle the overpowering stench of evil?"
"546 It's 1935 in Gyeongseong, and struggling artist Iho Yun has been commissioned by the reclusive, elderly Madam Jeonghwa Song to paint a portrait. Madam Jeonghwa Song allows Iho to set eyes upon her -- an unprecedented event -- and standing before him is a young woman. But why does she ask him to paint an elderly version of her? ""Don't finish the portrait."" Tucked between the previous artist's paint tubes is an ominous letter. Iho learns that no artist has left Madam Song's abode alive or of sound mind. Just what is she hiding and what will happen if Iho finishes the portrait?"
"547 Benny Imura and his friends must navigate a post-apocalyptic zombie-infected America in which teenagers are forced to find labor or face starvation. When Benny grudgingly joins his annoying older brother Tom as an apprentice zombie hunter, he soon discovers that almost everything he believed about his sheltered life is wrong--and zombies aren't the greatest thing to fear in the Rot & Ruin.
 
 Based on the novel Rot & Ruin by Jonathan Maberry."
548 Web graphic novel about a larger than life love story. Every week a new page will be unveiled.
549 You think your ghost stories are scary? Try listening to these stories from the ghosts themselves.
"550 What would you do if you discovered that the third-rate story in your free daily newspaper was actually an account of someone's murder? As Haesu Choi goes through his daily morning newspaper, ""Rotary N,"" to look for jobs, he stumbles across an ongoing serial thriller called ""Epilogue."" At first glance it just seems like pulp fiction, but as the story progresses, the characters turn out to be real-life victims. Get ready for a series full of twists and turns, with murder around every corner."
"551 Beginning on the 4th day after a zombie virus broke out, this is a story about the will to live, human instincts and our selfish desires. A thrilling tale about the survivors of a zombie apocalypse."
"552 Tiana moved to Mainland to study and have peaceful life. Unfortunately Tyler, her schoolmate won't let this happen, as it turned he's a vampire and bites her. Soon the strange things start to happen. Tiana tries to push him away afraid he will abuse her. However affection towards him seem to be stronger. Will addiction turn into something more? Or after discovering the truth she will turn her back to him?"
"553 After a tragedy, Sarah's conviction to never lose another loved one drives her to discover a formula for eternal life that provokes a fatal crisis."
554 Gigantic oxygen-doped bees are attempting to dominate the human race by reversing the food chain. Lee is a mid-level manager at a large company who only has one thing on his mind: to save his family from the bug-apocalypse.
"555 After an incident leaves young Simoon with the ability to see ghosts, his memories are sealed away by his grandmother who wants him to live a normal life. When his sight suddenly reawakens years later, Simoon must use his newfound powers as a member of the special Supernatural Investigation Department, or S.I.D."
556 Families that went missing decades ago...started to resurface.
"557 FELICITY ROCKALL was the world's greatest criminal investigator. She retired at the age of 35 after spending ten years working for international criminal courts. A young agent from the White House's Intelligence Support Activity, AMY ASH, is reluctantly sent to get her. There's been a murder, one apparently insoluble, and Rockall's skills are required one more time."
"558 Think your teen years were dark? Try being John - a recovering addict fresh out of rehab. And now his biggest challenge yet, re-integrating back into the ruthless social cesspool that is high school. 
 
 There are temptations around every corner, but hey, his mom still believes in him (that's what moms do) and his best friend Brad has never stopped having his back , even when it's not exactly in his own self-interest to do so.
 
 No, it's not going to be easy to turn things around , especially when Brad finds himself way in over his head out on the streets , leaving John to figure out a way to help his pal…before it's too late. Maybe John won't be going straight as soon as he'd hoped after all."
"559 ​Simon was a shining star in law school, but instead of joining a traditional practice with mortal stakes, he's about to be thrown into a world of unspeakable courtroom evil. Now, all that stands between peace on Earth and the fall of mankind is Simon's unique law practice , where demons stand trial and this hungry young attorney sends them back to hell."
"560 Remi Do has everything -- she's super pretty, has the best brand sponsorships on social media, and gets 10,000 likes within seconds of posting a selfie. Oh, and she also has a serial-killing stalker following her every move."
"561 Enamored with the occult and the supernatural, young Evelyne is determined to make contact with whatever might be hiding beyond this world. Little does she know, this dark path will lead her far beyond her wildest dreams. Join Evie and her friends Leo, Ana and Sam on their fun and spooky adventures and see how far their curiosity will lead them."
"562 Something is wrong with the town Frankie grew up in. Hidden away from the world on the other side of an old stone bridge, the people of Stagtown spend every day trying not to see the strange things that go on around them. From the creator of Tokyopop's best-selling OEM series comes the spiritual successor to Bizenghast."
"563 Following in her father's legacy, Quinn's entire life has been devoted to slaying werewolves. But when a young victim falls into her care, and her stash of inherited silver bullets begin to run low... the horror of the monsters grow stronger."
"564 Life's funny. One minute you're jobless, deep in debt and on the verge of eviction; the next you're in a fight with a monster and getting a job working for a Paranormal Detective with the head of a Jack-o-Lantern. It's an age-old story. Now the financially-challenged Ellie (who's just discovered she has strong psychic powers) and her Pumpkin-headed boss Ichabod have to team up and fight the things that go bump in the night."
"565 ""Adamsville"" is an all ages series about two middle school friends who must work together to solve a series of supernatural mysteries in their hometown. What they discover is a vast conspiracy that threatens to destroy everything they know about their lives, town and their future. Now they're the only one's who can stop the coming catastrophe."
566 Get your WEBTOON news here!
"567 A series of tips for staying safe during the COVID-19 outbreak. Brought to you by the WEBTOON Staff and Original Creators around the world. For the most recent information about the novel virus COVID-19, go to the World Health Organization's (WHO) website at www.who.int. Let's stay healthy together!"
"568 The mysterious team that brings Webtoon to you. LOZOLZ, pass it on."
